From moment 00:00:18 to 00:01:38 Interviewer says: "Do you have any type? No, no. I don't listen to you. Well, look, we have tried it before starting...Here everyone says that Yes, you can hear me. Perfect. A second ago we were testing the live show with José Luis, we always do a preview...Let's see if he's here. Now he can hear me. It was a little problem with Bolsa Cava... Hey, José Luis, first of all, thank you for being here. Honestly, I'm very excited because I watch your videos in the morning and one day I've been scared by your videos, as surely some of those who have seen them mine too...But thank you, man, thank you for coming. The truth is that for me it is a pleasure, an honor...For me it is an honor. I also watch your videos. I already told you before when we have been speaking that a close friend of mine from Brussels tells me, you have to see this man, you have to see this man before making any video. So I followed you and copied you."

From the moment 00:01:52 until 00:01:52 Jose Luis Cava says: "No, no, no. The other way around, the other way around. Hey, I present to you, those of you who don't know who he is, I'm sure you know practically "You all know that José Luis Cava is, he probably doesn't say it, but I know, he is probably the most recognized independent analyst in Spain right now."

From moment 00:02:04 to 00:02:55 Interviewer says: "He has 30 years of experience in this story. You know that he is a passionate investor. He is called a speculator in the good sense of the word...He made business companies, as well as financial studies at Cunef, he began in the economic sector for a long time at Banco Popular, when it was Banco Popular, where he was also in the Stock Market department...He is the author of a book that I recommend, he already has his time, but it is the art of speculation and in addition to an online course. He does know about this and he does know how to explain what has to be done, which is called a speculation system that will change your life... You can go to His page is in the description and there you can find out about everything that José Luis Cava does...First of all, José Luis, let's go straight. Soft landing, hard landing or not for the United States economy. You usually talk about that the non-landing is gaining strength. What does all this mean? Well, we have found the following fact. First of all, there is a detail that no one usually comments on and I think we should take into account."

From the moment 00:03:03 to 00:05:52 Jose Luis Cava says: "People talk about the US public deficit. Now you look at the US public deficit and it is around 8%...People think and say, it is compared to the great crisis of 2008. Well, it is at a similar level to the crisis of 2008...But I don't want you to focus on that data. What I want is for you to notice that the spending public, that is, the money controlled by the United States government, may be representing in the order of 30-32% of the GDP of the United States... That is why landings do not occur. A hard landing does not occur, first because American consumers, as you well know, had excess savings... They have already melted that excess savings. And the other thing is that Biden is spending as if there were no tomorrow... That is, since that has raised the debt ceiling, because you know perfectly well that it does not stop spending...So it is difficult for them to make a landing at the moment while they continue spending at this rate...Now, we have found that in the year In 2012 we expected the United States economy to slow down...But nevertheless, what has happened is that it regained its rhythm. OK ? It was fueled...The reason is that many times when we look at the money supply, we only look at the United States, but we have to look at the global liquidity indicator...We found that in October 2002, both China and Japan injected liquidity...And then that caused a recovery of the economy. We are living, in my opinion, we already mentioned it and between you and me, I believe that we are living in a great pyramid scheme in which governments spend without success and we find that the central banks are in collusion with them...And this is a thymopyramidal, but in every way. And now the debt crisis that we are seeing has just begun... Then all this is going to get worse because these people have already thrown themselves into the mountains, they have no control... And now you tell me, soft landing, Hard landing or no landing...Well, what I am seeing is that in principle what we are seeing is that the economy accelerated in 2022...Then we are in the thesis, I am in the thesis, I could logically be wrong ,non-landing...This has an important consequence. First, in the short term it causes increases in the stock market... In the short term, but it is not good for the stock markets because it will probably not favor continuing the upward trend... And then, secondly, the Fed and the rest of The central banks that follow him may have an interest rate increase... And we are already seeing that if this exists, it is already appearing in the first cracks... Look at the bankruptcies in Germany, they have skyrocketed. We are also seeing them in the United States... American regional banks, make no mistake, are bankrupt... The percentage of credit card defaults is increasing, but the fundamental problem they have is the investment or loans granted to the real estate sector for industrial and commercial use...And we are seeing the defaults...And we have already seen that in the labor market, you have already seen that the offers are contracting...Then I believe that rates are going to rise of interest and in the end a rough landing. "It's my opinion, it's my opinion."

From the moment 00:05:58 to 00:06:32 Interviewer says: "In what period do you interpret this as how much it can happen? Sorry, José Luis, because the surprise we had... Not so much surprise, because in the end we know that in economics things are much slower than people, who perhaps do not work in economics constantly, can understand... I sometimes explain what happened in 2008 with respect to, for example, to Europe...Here we are presenting everything in 2007, early 2008 in the United States, and here it arrived in 2011...I mean, put it back, right? Of course, I'm going to answer you as I do for me ."

From the moment 00:06:35 to 00:07:24 Jose Luis Cava says: "I tell you honestly, I trust myself more as a speculator than as a macro analyst. Or as any macro analyst... And we have the lesson in November 2021...In the two-year notes they led the rise in interest rates, and the Fed did so in March 2022...Then, are the behavior of the two-year notes going to be the one that tells us? warn of what is to come? One thing is clear, in my opinion... Right now the time has not come to buy bonds... When can we buy Bonds? I honestly have a purchase prepared... I already I have stung a little, the truth must be told, and you have also seen the behavior of the bonds today, which if you want, we will comment on it, which seems to have made an escape and has not been able to continue rising... Because when there is going to be a recession, They buy bonds."

From moment 00:07:27 to 00:07:27 Interviewer says: "When there is a recession is when you are going to earn a lot of money in bonuses."

From the moment 00:07:31 to 00:08:29 Jose Luis Cava says: "Buying at Bona is very profitable...So, from the experience I have from previous recessions, right now you cannot buy bonds.. We have stung because we have stung, but very little...This is when Powell lowers interest rates for the first time...These people are looking at the labor market...The labor market is a lagging indicator... They are going to lower rates when they see that the indicator, when they see that the labor market deteriorates noticeably... And when they arrive it is already too late... That is why I am one of those who think that this is going to have a hard landing no matter what. ...I will tell you as an anecdote that in previous times, I remember that they said soft landing, soft landing... And they are saying the same thing as in previous crises... Because they don't realize, they are saying that there is a soft landing. because they look at indicators delayed...When to anticipate it you have to see leading indicators...And the best indicator, the most reliable, does not rate two years...And the second, the first time they panic. and these people lower their interest rates...And there are many options...The problem is that they are selling so many bonds...Of course."

From the moment 00:08:30 to 00:09:17 Interviewer says: "Because the story, José Luis, is that I see the economy as absolutely doped... We have brutal doping that has to do with this issuance of Debt. absolutely out of place...The world owes itself three and a half times...Everything is crazy...On top of that, much of that debt is applied, for example, to European funds, it is applied to fill in what the economy does not work...So I inject it there...So, of course, what it is doing is delaying a situation that sooner or later will be irreversible...I mean, you cannot maintain a situation in which that everything is doped...Price controls are applied to many things...But you are intervening in the market itself...This has to burst in some way...At least, even if slowly...But something "It can't go on like this forever."

From the moment 00:09:19 until 00:11:15 Jose Luis Cava says: "Well, these people have taken to the mountains, effectively... And what you say is the key... For me, if you take and You say that they are going to go into debt. Because they are going to increase productive capacity, they are going to improve Productivity, I tell you that we are going to have a profitability that will be able to pay the debt... In this case, my challenge is to waste... You're going to allow me to tell you directly...As I think, it's vote buying, full stop...And if you realize, in the elections nobody talks about improving the economy, nobody talks about improving productivity... .But they are already intervening there. And they are intervening in the bond markets...Look at the case of Japan...Let's follow Japan's lead...In this sense, we have found that Japan is the most advanced ...The bond market is Japan...The Japanese government itself has bought it...And now we are finding that the Japanese were very calm, because they did not see inflation and they saw deflation...But now they have inflation...And they have gone into the mountains to buy gold...This is enough...They have control of the markets...They have absolutely control of everything...Who owns Telefónica? Who owns many companies? It is the Black Rock group...They control everything...And the central bankers are in collusion with the governments...They think that an event is occurring that has not occurred before...The Federal Reserve Bank It is bankrupt...But it is bankrupt because it loses in its daily operations. And Pas is bankrupt because it is up to its eyeballs in public debt. The price has plummeted...But you have it in the Bank of England.. .It is also bankrupt...And the European Central Bank has done the same...And the Bank of Spain has done the same...We have a situation in which the central bankers are bankrupt...And they are selling us a speech .I don't know how they believe it...But this is sustainable...Here the great crisis is the explosion of the public debt...This can no longer be paid...Then there has to come a great reset...A Reset has to come so that the Dominant Elites eliminate the Debt, put it on the middle class, and they move on...That's why I am such a fan of gold...But gold is very manipulated...People start laughing...And here comes the thing about the Brics."

From time 00:10:39 to 00:10:39 Interviewer says: "He's also broke."

From the moment 00:11:17 to 00:12:57 Jose Luis Cava says: "Why is China buying so much gold, when it is perhaps the number one producer of Gold? and it doesn't even happen to buy gold... It falsifies the statistics...We know...It accumulates in other banks, in other agencies or whatever...The same thing happens with Russia...Why is Russia buying Gold? It's a lie. It has 9,000... What happens is that they park it in sovereign funds...Why are these people accumulating gold? In my opinion, they have already said it, but they have not been able to do it...They, if the BRICS, have to do something, and from there comes the real threat to the Dollar, it is a Currency that is backed by gold...Look what is happening to Russia...Russia, I don't understand war...But Russia can win the war, You can lose it, whatever...I can't give an opinion, but I have no idea...What's happening? The industry is collapsing...The industry is collapsing...And that annoys Russia, for a very simple reason...Because inflation increases there.and discontent is generated...And in an autocratic regime discontent is generated.the last thing they want...What can Russia do to defend itself from this depreciation of the sector? Backing it with gold...That's why Russia, in the BRICS, always jumps out saying. No, we want a currency backed by gold...But it's not working...The central banks of Asia are accumulating gold...I have that as a clue.because these people somehow want to have a currency backed by gold...And in the European Union they are distributing the gold so that all countries have gold equivalent to 8% of the GDP...Then we see that we are going to evolve to a gold model...I don't know what type, but here. I think it works, because this is what is Terrible, but you don't need to study much...In the end it is what to say"

From moment 00:12:59 to 00:14:01 Interviewer says: "well, a kilo of gold is worth a kilo of gold, because in the end we are going to have to hold that connection line responsible... Because you You have finished saying it, the Middle Class is the one that is going to endure this story...When people wonder, or ask me sometimes, this cannot be, the public debt will explode in the end. Noriel Rubini Said.in one of their mega threats that we have there. a problem that is going to explode in everyone's face... And of course you say, but who is going to pay for this? The middle class... This is obviously going to be paid for by deflation .social that we are going to live...Just like in 2008, sometimes.we have also compared it, the fact that in 2008 there was Deflation.by countries, there were no countries that had.a greater fall than others.and in the end We had a decrease in salaries... That is, salaries in Spain went to 600 euros and being a Milleurista was a dream, while in France, a Milleurista was bad, it was little... We made a deflation due to Salaries. have the same euro...And now the situation is that we are all going to deflate all the middle classes of all the countries in Europe."

From the moment 00:14:05 to 00:15:25 Jose Luis Cava says: "from the speculator's point of view...I feel more like a speculator than anything else...We have to learn from those who have passed. because of this before...What have the Turks done? I was laughing with the Turks...A year and a half ago, two years ago, the Turkish Government told the Turks that the Turkish lira is coming... Because the Turks had gold... And what the Turkish government wanted was for them to exchange the gold for Turkish lira... Of course, the Turks, who are already very mischievous, because they have many years of history, don't They did it...And if they had done it, they would have been scammed...What's happening? Gold has shot up against the Turkish lira...We have seen it in Argentina...You know perfectly well that in Argentina .people have no weight...And in Milei.he goes for that gold...It is very clear...When I hear him and see him, I say.he is going for the Dollars.that the Argentines have, that they will have 250,000 or 200,000. But now you are going to Japan...And one gram of gold is worth 10,000 yen...Everyone...What happens is that the Japanese already have a lot of experience because they have devalued them so much. So much so much of their currency that they know perfectly well that they save in other currencies, be they dollars, Swiss francs or gold... Now they are going to gold... Then it is clearly seen that this is the same as that of the Empire .romans . And we have to go back to history. What do they do in the Roman Empire? They took the coins, melted them,

From the moment 00:15:11 until 00:15:11 Interviewer says: "they have a lot of experience because they have been devalued"

From the moment 00:15:27 until 00:15:31 Jose Luis Cava says: "they prepared the gold and with the gold they issued twice as many coins as they had extracted the gold. But they were not invented. "

From the moment 00:15:33 to 00:16:29 Jose Luis Cava says: "They put tin in them... They put tin in them and in the end they didn't change. It was funny that the Treasury inspectors in Rome ran away... And in the end the Roman emperors did not want him to pay his taxes in the very coins, garbage, that he printed. So, when the Treasury inspectors were going to give him the same coins that he had issued, he They put them in jail. So, they fled, they fled. But they haven't invented anything. Let's see, the great advance... If you see it, when I see it, they put themselves there and they put themselves in jail. so.solemn and such, I say, when I. hear them say, we depend on the data. and I say, for me, that is very poor? What data? That is very poor? Then, the models are. They make mistakes. The models make mistakes... They change them. Then, that is very poor... We are in the hands of people, I honestly think they have a fairly low level of knowledge... .It is my opinion . However ."

From the moment 00:15:33 to 00:15:39 Interviewer says: "They put tin in them...They put tin in them and in the end they didn't change. That's shit...Well, I'll tell you as an anecdote that"

From the moment 00:16:31 to 00:17:21 Interviewer says: "It's your opinion...It's that of many. He says that sometimes I explain it, I worked for a time in the Seven Crouch Program of Excellas, on a topic of projects and such, then I saw how they worked on some things there, how the forecasts of some international organizations are sometimes established, how the folders that arrived arrived and in the end they are based on the data from each country. In other words, there is no body of thousands of IMF inspectors all over the world looking for data. No, no... There are four guys in an office who receive data and who look to see. If that fits or doesn't fit relatively. So, we can't rely much on some forecast model that is based, as you say, on previous data, which are delayed... the truth is, right? It's a fact. very curious"

From the moment 00:17:23 to 00:18:21 Jose Luis Cava says: "and it is spectacular. When we talk here about the United States government that the Public deficit is skyrocketing due to the increase in public spending, it What we have to look at is that tax revenue, tax collection, has collapsed. And do you know why? Because of the pyramid scheme of this climate change thing, and green policies... What happened to him? Biden.is to establish a series of Deductions.from the quota, the famous.Tax credits, for all those companies.that invested in the green or that increased.production. This has led to a total fraud and the collection.has been four times lower than what they had anticipated...And when they tell those from the hacienda there, they say that the model was wrong...But, soul of God, are you not going to make the tax deductions with a wrong model? And of course, they say that we are going to increase taxes... It's crazy. They increase the tax... New taxes they created... You harm the Productives. to waste... And you say, we are in the hands of irresponsible politicians."

From the moment 00:18:25 to 00:19:25 Interviewer says: "Look, José Luis, today it has been published in Spain, but it is being published throughout Europe. In fact, in the next few days it will also be republished .the revision of data to the GDP.Rise of 2021 and 2022.in practically all of Europe...Everything was measured wrong. Today it has been said.that Spain left the pre-pandemic situation. That is, it reached the economic.Situation. pre-pandemic much earlier than we thought. If so, well, perfect. Better... But this makes you think one thing... Damn, if we got out much earlier and we got out well, it was necessary. so much debt, it was necessary.so many policies of social buffers...Was all of that necessary? Was it necessary to destroy the productive sector? Because we see it in the closure of companies.in a really alarming way.and that we only live right now.and I don't want to talk of Spain, but that we are there subject to the productive sector. linked to tourism as the Propeller of this story. Was all that necessary? Because if it was not necessary, we have a problem. And the debt is there...Of course. Besides ,"

From the moment 00:19:27 until 00:21:11 Jose Luis Cava says: "I don't want to talk about Spain. But neither do I. Not today. Today we are not going to talk about Spain...I am going to tell you something thing so that you don't talk and you see. Look, there is a graphic that will never be shown on television. Never... And I tell you this because I have tried to get it out. And I can tell you one more detail... I have gone to Parliamentarians of all kinds Presenting this graph to them and No one publishes it. That's what I'm telling you... Look, specifically it is - I say this in case you want to look at it on the internet - it's Cards. Look, Cards. It is the money that enters and leaves Spain through transfers of very high amounts. Okay? They are the channels through which the money circulates. Cards, just so you know, are supported by the eurosystem. It is the means of making large transfers...If you want to see how an economy is doing, go to Cards. And I tell you, you will see that the Bank of Spain owes money. Italy owes money. ..These figures have increased after COVID, which shows that Germany has bought Spanish public debt to hold us down. I explain myself well...And you can see that Europe is divided...So, of course, if, for example, . If Italy left the eurosystem, automatically, all of Europe would go bankrupt due to the high debt it has contracted... If you go to Spain, and it is even on the balance sheet of the Bank of Spain, the item, you can see, is in the amount that really cannot leave the Eurosystem. because it would bankrupt the European Central Bank. and we would harm Germany ominously... So, these are no longer words, it is the flow of money... Cards, no one will comment on it... "I'm telling you, but I'm very convinced."

From the moment 00:21:13 until 00:21:15 Interviewer says: "Well, we are going to prepare it...We are going to prepare it."

From the moment 00:21:15 until 00:21:33 Jose Luis Cava says: "We are going to prepare it...I have made a video, and I will tell you if you want. We will prepare it, I have made a video in the I buy what Cards are and I compare it with the accounting of the Bank of Spain so that you can see that it fits... And the accounting of the Bank of Spain is perfectly in the liabilities side and you see that they are bankrupt of the amount. and what they have. And it is because of the Purchases of public debt, fundamentally."

From the moment 00:21:35 until 00:22:11 Interviewer says: "Because they have also become accustomed to a speech that scares me every time there is a problem... The last one that was this serious. It was the banking crisis...When the US, Credit Suisse, the whole story, everything came from Silicon Valley, when that started to happen. Guard comes out or whoever tells you, don't worry. that the European Central Bank has Tools to solve this. To inject, and be careful here they say it like this, liquidity... You fix everything by giving the machine that. I mean, this is ridiculous... The same ,but if"

From the moment 00:22:13 to 00:24:25 Interviewer says: "they are not needed. The only thing we need is the commissioners and presidents of the Central banks. They are the enemy... They are not the ones who are against us. saving from nothing... They are not the ones who have saved the economy at any time... The fact that. to me, sometimes, with Respect. now at the end we will talk a little about Bitcoin, but when they ask me, Well, you don't know what Bitcoin will be worth in a while, right? There, the typical history of Bitcoin will be worth a Bitcoin and such, but above all, I don't know what Bitcoin will be worth. "I honestly don't know, or where it will be. The only thing I know is what the dollar will be worth and what the euro will be worth. Less...Much less. Nobody is going to make it worth more."

From the moment 00:22:13 to 00:23:49 Jose Luis Cava says: "they are not needed. If the only thing we need is a printer, we do not need any leader...We need a printer...Nothing more ...I'm going to tell you something...This is what we usually talked about. I'm not going to say where I went, but the idea is the following...I was surprised when I said: the euro, the dollar, It is junk currency. It is worth absolutely nothing... Well, there were people who told me. It is backed by the Economy of the United States, by the Army of the United States and such. It is not Backed by anything. The only thing is trust. And you and I talked about this before. One issue must be taken into account. For example, when we were talking about gold and bitcoin, for example... First, a currency is accepted as means of payment. When a currency is consolidated as a means of payment, it becomes a deposit of value. Okay? So, all these bills are functioning as a currency of payment... Or they tell you that it is a deposit of Value.and we have accounts opened in Euros.and in dollars, but that is a value that is worth nothing...At a certain moment they can Do.perfectly, well, they are taking it from you every Day.because you see that the value, the purchasing power of the euro, the purchasing power of the dollar has collapsed. With what it is, it is a store of value because you have it in one place, but every time they take a little bit from you, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit. It is systematic...With which it is clearly seen that we have to defend ourselves against the deterioration of the purchasing power of the euro. We have to defend ourselves. Look, learn from the Argentines, learn from the Japanese, learn from the Turks and we are asleep... We have to defend our central bankers, we are in a final pyramid... They are our enemies."

From the moment 00:24:27 to 00:25:53 Jose Luis Cava says: "I, I, if it harms, well, if it harms, we will suffer. I believe that we must consider ourselves as a fundamental mission for our economic health. It's escaping. Or going to the central banks. And going to the currencies of countries. In which we see. I don't want to talk about Spain, but. Well, I'm going to talk about France, for example... When I look at France I see a broken France, okay? And I don't rule out that there could be civil conflicts, okay? So you can't invest in those countries, because they will never have a serious currency, because they are in conflict. We are interested. that productivity is increased, we are interested in economic measures that make people live well, that people live peacefully, that people are happy, not confront them, not poison them and then we create wealth and distribute it as you want, But we are going to create wealth, we are going to Improve and that doesn't work. So I think we have to go to countries where there are responsible politicians, okay? And there are responsible central banks, and then that's where we have to go. And then, of course, you have the gold and you have the bitcoin because we can search and we find little because we are not leaving either. I don't trust the Bric either. How can I trust China? How can I trust Russia? If they don't have broad financial markets, if they hide the statistics from me, if they hide the American Treasury bonds they have from me, if they hide everything from me, how can I trust them? "Then, I sincerely believe that, personally, the problem I have is not whether Performance is going to increase, the problem is, well, what do I do with my savings to defend myself from these greedy people?"

From the moment 00:24:45 to 00:26:23 Interviewer says: "well, I'm going to talk about France, for example... What do we do? What do we do in the face of the weakness of consumption, for example, and the services in the United States, in Europe itself? What do the Revised data say in China? In other words, with that weakness, what do we do? In other words, apart from the fact that this debt will have repercussions sooner or later, that Rates will be raised again, sorry, in the end they will end up issuing it more in the face of the whole situation because they will have to draw on their funds and when they do that, how do we defend ourselves from this loss of value of our purchasing power? What do you recommend? Well, me."

From the moment 00:26:25 to 00:27:17 Jose Luis Cava says: "I am working on it because it worries me. Let's see. I have the Order of events in my Head. of the following way. I expose it so that we can publish it, not because it is my problem... I am meditating on it like you and Like any of the people who may not be seeing... What I believe is that Now they get very upset because they see that the government is spending a lot of money and they know that although it is a type of interest, there is a car. That's why, if you look at the papers published by the Fed, they themselves say that They are so smart that they have achieved soft pricing. Well...The reason is this. Then there will come a certain time when they maintain interest rates for a Period of time and we are attentive...Before June 2024, they are not going to lower interest rates until they see the deterioration. Agree? We have to see the deterioration via insolvencies, via banks with problems. OK? If things get complicated, the central banks will buy public debt. OK? Because we tend to the Japanese model...Then what do the"

From the moment 00:26:53 until 00:26:53 Interviewer says: "The reason is this. Then there will come a certain moment"

From the moment 00:27:19 to 00:28:11 Jose Luis Cava says: "Japanese? Above all, the Japanese diversify. They go to Swiss Franc, they go to Gold and we will also have to go to Bitcoin.. That's what we have to go to. Now, the problem we have now, well now I have the Swiss Franc, okay? Because the National Bank of Switzerland, right now the Swiss Franc is in the Lateral Movement and I believe that the one that What is selling is the National Bank of Switzerland so that this does not get out of hand, because I don't even want to tell you that the price of Gold is going out of control, the Swiss Franc is going out of control, the rise is going out of control, the Western system was selling down, not because of the Brics, but they would bomb it from within...Then the Swiss National Bank has to sell the Swiss Franc to give us the feeling of normality...They little by little are raising their Swiss Franc to that we do not realize the underground movement that is underneath. Then I believe. Swiss Franc, I believe that gold and I believe that Bitcoin. And when you put in Swiss Franc, the problem you have is. well, now I open a bank account in Swiss Franc, I take it home, no, we don't take it home, we leave it in a bank or we invest it in a fund that invests in Swiss bonds... I'm focusing on it"

From the moment 00:28:03 until 00:28:03 Interviewer says: "well, I already opened a bank account in Swiss Franc,"

From the moment 00:28:13 until 00:28:29 Jose Luis Cava says: "from that point of view. And now. the gold, well the problem you have is the same, because you have a gold ETF, but if This.Collapses, the ETF. They are not going to give you the gold, because they will start to cause problems. Therefore, I think it is better. physical gold deposited in a bank... And as for Bitcoin, well man "I believe that deposited in the bank,"

From the moment 00:28:31 until 00:28:33 Interviewer says: "no accounting notes or things like that...No, no, the gold deposited in it"

From the moment 00:28:35 to 00:29:13 Jose Luis Cava says: "bank, of course, at home or crazy, of course, you have to have it, you would have to have it in an Account, in a box, in the bank, everything legal, and having it there. I believe that physical gold is, always, has been and always will be a protection... So, I believe that it is the only thing that can be for us, like a refuge to protect us... I pay a lot of attention to people who have suffered a lot. And, for example, I don't know, in the adolescent town of Europe, with the Prussian wars, people accumulated gold coins and they are used to it because they have already suffered a lot and They have seen the bad things that have happened... Therefore, I believe that learning from reading history and seeing how people defended themselves, it seems to me that it can be destructive and it is the way. The only thing we have "Bitcoin is new, nothing more."

From the moment 00:29:15 to 00:30:23 Interviewer says: "The only thing. We will comment on it at the end... Anyway, the feeling I have is that, of course, there is like a social group here, ideologically.recognizable, what happens is that it is expanding even in other ideological areas, that is, people who consider that there are a lot of rights that must be conquered, they call them Conquered Rights, which have to do with the.subsidy, with the subsidy, with the aid... Until now, that was only in one ideological space, but now it is even in the other, because it seems that the State has to provide you with thousands of things. What that does is prevent you from generating more with the Productive sector, because in the end it narrows your space, because your taxes go up, because you have to pay for all that... Since there is no productive sector agile, it does not produce wealth and if there is no wealth, what has been distributed, which was the wealth from before, in the end remains this. Do you sincerely believe that this is going to affect that future in some way. what is coming right now ? That is to say, are we going to find ourselves with a situation in which Europe is aging, is in decline, even morally, with this whole situation? Well, let's see."

From the moment 00:30:25 to 00:33:03 Jose Luis Cava says: "If we go, First, it is always the same. First, Always, the same. They have attacked the Cultural system, they have attacked the Educational System, the Training level is very low. I tell you, I am teaching classes and I am seeing that the level has gone down... If you go to university, the Level is very low, people are being taught things. that they are not going to be useful for work... You already know that we are at the head of the Ocd. in School Matters in the number of People. Who Leave. teaching, with which these People. live off the subsidy. And what you say, that culture and the subsidy that I create, the subsidies, but the Adequate subsidies, you can't let people die on the street... I totally agree with that. We have to go down to the industry and you have to give it subsidies in exchange for something... I don't see that. They are well designed... The problem is when you misuse it... Right now it is evident that the use is wrong. and what it is generating is.more people who are not going to work, people who are not trained and who are not going to have.increase in productivity and increase in production...So that is very clear and that path is going.a go . Europe is broken, Europe is nobody...If you focus on one thing, I focus more generally on the economy. Look at Germany...Germany is deindustrializing...and why is it deindustrializing? Because Germany needs energy...Energy in Germany is scarce and that is why it is expensive...and why is energy so expensive? Well, we are clear...The new green pact is very clear...So what do companies do? They leave from there. Total deindustrialization...They leave there...And you tell me, if we lose the economic engine of Europe, where is the hegemony of Europe...But we have already seen what the economic hegemony of Europe is. We have seen it...How is the war with Ukraine working out? I think we all see it...What happens is that they have already thrown themselves into the mountains...We have already passed the rubic...I mean, they have thrown themselves into the mountains...They don't care...But you You see it in the fiscal rules...I don't want to talk about Spain, but do you see there? I saw our minister. We have not reached an agreement...But, Mother God, what agreement are you going to reach? But if you are not going to reduce the public deficit, you are not going to reduce it... And look at Germany's claims, which are very low claims... Well, let's reduce the public debt a little... They can't. ..They can't...And Spain and Italy have also blackmailed them...Because if they don't give them the money, they say they will leave the Eurosystem.and everything will collapse...The entire financial system will collapse.. That's why, when they talk about the presidency of Italy, and they got so cocky with her, I burst out laughing... I mean, this lady thinks she's leaving the European Union, she's leaving the Eurosystem, all the pro-Europeans are going to find out about what they have on top of them... Then they are caught down there, they have them caught."

From the moment 00:33:05 to 00:34:03 Interviewer says: "In fact, José Luis, today the Microphone is not bidirectional for whatever reason, because we have there, when you do that, I enter as I can ...Today there were discussions, I have spoken with people who are in Italy and such, precisely, who also belong to the government there... They commented to me and said, no, it's just that people are saying that the migratory crisis of the Ampedusa. Measured because. They are saying, from outside Italy, that this is due, I even believed it, Italy owes so much. And it is property of the European Central Bank of Germany, therefore, If it occurs to you to do something that is not what we decide from the Immigration point of view, we will execute the debt... And the guy told me, but These people don't know that they can execute the Debt on us if they want. In other words "When they execute it, we leave and everything cracks. It's clear. Let's see,"

From the moment 00:34:05 to 00:35:39 Jose Luis Cava says: "Italy, well, I'm going to tell you so that we can focus and know when we are talking about Italy. I have considered that. and I say, where does Italy have money if I were to seize it? Well, Italy has an important, very important gold reserve... And then it has, unlike Spain, assets vis-à-vis foreign countries. Then we can say that Italy does have some reserves and they could be seized. Do you know perfectly well that the gold they have is under the control of the European Central Bank and they cannot dispose of it? But still, even if they seize the gold "They don't cover the debt. Let me explain it well. Therefore, the one who has the upper hand is Meloni. She has the upper hand over everyone. If she says she is leaving the European Union, is leaving. For example, I don't want to talk about Spain, but I'm going to talk... All these populist Parties and such. If you have courage, why didn't you include in your Program that we were leaving the European Union? ? because if I were a radical, the first measure is. I'm leaving the European Union and the debt. We'll pay it. Spain cannot pay the debt. Spain.of Spain. The Bank of Spain cannot pay the debt of the Bank of Spain, which will already have results problems this year and will probably incur losses. If we didn't go, we couldn't pay the debt. And that is absolute power. And they know it...I have come to think that they are supporting us because Germany imposed it as a burden for losing the Second. World War keep Europe United. and they are putting money. "This is the conclusion I have reached, but perhaps it is not even founded... They are my imagination."

From the moment 00:35:43 to 00:37:07 Interviewer says: "Someone, a German, told me that... He says, we have a moral debt. I don't know if the debt is written, I don't know if that is ...But the feeling in some German circles, especially in Social Democracy, not so much in Christian Democracy, but in Social Democracy, they have that feeling of Debt.almost.forever, of what happened.and that they would later be forgiven and that in the end they were able to unify Germany...According to who you talk to, they give you a strange speech similar to that...And they tell you one thing: We have lost the industrial company...We are deindustrializing. .in an important way...But they assure that they hold on.in what they call the Bergohene Meister.or something like that, the Wittelstand, which are the medium-sized, family-owned companies...Medium-sized company, which you say.in Germany a company Mediana.is a company of 250 guys, or a thousand... And they say, they are very industrial, they are still one of the main ones in the world and are unknown in their sectors. He says, we depend a lot on that. That is slow to recover, but over time Germany will come out of this stronger than any other European country because we still have industrial weight... And that's what they say, that's what they defend. And no...There are some things that could be Reviewable, but I am quite confident that that is the case. They have shorter, shallower crises, we have longer and deeper crises."

From the moment 00:37:15 to 00:38:41 Jose Luis Cava says: "But now about China... If you had told me this, I would have said the following. Sir, let's go to China... cars Chinese electric cars as if there were no tomorrow. And you can tell me, well, we can compete with China. You can't compete with China...For a reason. Because China.has excess capacity in the production of electric cars and batteries. Thanks to subsidies, China cannot flood everyone with cars. So, if they want to protect their industry, if I were in the European Union, the first thing I would do is do what the United States has done. ...I would impose a tax to defend myself from the imports of Chinese electric cars and batteries...And I would automatically say, gentlemen, we must remodel the industrial sector. Let's see what we do with the batteries. Let's see if we can relaunch companies. There the subsidies would come in. Taxes and subsidies...But to create. a company. Not like they did here when promoting national work in Catalonia, the textile sector, when taxes were not raised, but then honestly the industry was not renewed. The ideal is to subtax to protect your production, invest, increase capacity and fight. OK? It is striking, for example, that no one here talks about rare earths. And if you talk about Rare Earths, they tell you that you are not an environmentalist, that you are not green. Without Rare Earths, you Greens cannot make Fighter planes because each fighter plane needs 11 kilos to bomb the Russians in Green Form. OK ? Bomb.green."

From instant 00:38:41 to 00:38:41 Interviewer says: "green."

From the moment 00:38:43 until 00:38:43 Jose Luis Cava says: "You're freaking out."

From the moment 00:38:47 to 00:39:39 Interviewer says: "This whole issue of going so fast with. I don't say no is doing a lot of harm. That. You don't have to be a slut. with the world, right? But obviously here there is a misplaced strategy that is complicating everything and that is making Europe have less capacity for competition. At the moment the best-selling car in Spain is already a Chinese one... It's like that...Everyone was surprised...This week or last week the best-selling car in Spain came out is a Chinese car. And everyone, oh, what a strange thing. But if that looked come...These people work in a different way...What the hell are we doing? We are increasing costs in everything we produce. It is impossible to compete and we also have an efficiency problem because it is becoming even more expensive. "Not only in Spain, throughout Europe, hiring people...It is very expensive to hire people...It is logical that it is expensive,"

From the moment 00:39:41 to 00:42:11 Jose Luis Cava says: "but the problem is hiring people, hiring quality services and cheaply... That doesn't worry anyone. If you look in the...I always start from.education,even.from philosophy and then from the university...an obsolete university that explains things that no longer sell. I, for example, was very linked to the aeronautical topic. Well, I realized when they take and you see that they bring out aeronautical and say, but all of these are going to end up in the best of cases as developers or with a company to make cryptocurrencies until they want and while. have credit. I mean, but I don't see anyone building airplanes here. Do you know what I want to tell you? and in fact that now they are taking flight... But I mean that the Offer of Aeronautical Engineers.es very.large for the demand that exists...It is higher than the demand. And yet, we have people.we do not have jobs, we do not have kids prepared.to generate specific jobs.in which there is a shortage. of manpower...But the thing is that no one cares...If it doesn't concern me, when I see the Politicians, if I am concerned it is the comment...I mean, look, it worries me I don't care, I'm telling you honestly, I don't care about the politics of politics, I don't care about their politics, I just don't care about any of that. Now I say, I would love to. For example, I'm going to tell you a detail that is terrible... There is no doubt that Spain, Europe, is aging. Spain is aging...Have you seen any political party that provides a solution in its program? None...I'll tell you more. The PP has said it, but the Solution he gives is without reflection. And you can't tell me that the problem of population aging is the most important problem we have in Spain...Because first comes the population and then comes the economy. It's not the other way around...Housing must increase. There must be a young population in your city and they must enter...Who cares? Nobody says it. To me, Immigrant, I am from a family of immigrants. My parents went to Germany. My son is in London, that immigrant. In other words, I am receptive to immigrants, but with an order... Let's look for them... Let's train them. Let them come...If I want them to come. Because we have an aging society. First, we have to do it to Improve their situation for them... But also for our interest. Yes, their interest and ours go hand in hand... But that's what I'm called integration for. I live in a neighborhood where there is a large amount of mixing here in Madrid...And in my neighborhood South Americans. For example, the man who serves my coffee is the Jolles of my neighborhood. What do I talk to him? The man is from Syria...We talk and such. Integrate us... And he brings people from outside. But with a plan...But with a plan. "Don't keep them under the bridge... It's just that in my neighborhood there are people living under the bridge."

From the moment 00:42:15 to 00:43:23 Interviewer says: "The problem is that, José Luis...When one puts...In addition, the Problem is in the official discourse...In that absolute Manichaeism...White, black, good, bad. They want them or they don't want them. In other words, that story of... you question what is happening in Ampedusa... Hey, sorry. We have to Search for a solution. But it is happening in the Canary Islands... It is happening in the south of... It is also happening in the Balearic Islands. It is going to happen everywhere. Because there are Problems. there. And it is It is normal for people to flee... So, if they are going to flee and look for life, this has to be organized... Because in the end conflicts are going to come... The second and third generations of all These people who live in ghettos, who live far from the cultural reality of a country, in the end problems are generated... Like what is happening in France, we don't know why they don't explain it to us, but it keeps happening. Those of us who call phone to Our.friends. There are things that disappear in the news and it seems that they are no longer there. They still are. And here we are going to have problems like that. And it turns out, as you rightly say, I give you my word again, that the problem is in the absolute aging of Our society. I mean, there are provinces in Spain where there are already more Pensioners than workers... It's incredible."

From the moment 00:43:25 until 00:44:25 Jose Luis Cava says: "But it is the issue of politicians. Because the politician seeks confrontation, he does not seek dialogue, he does not seek solutions. It is the Confrontation. So that I remain the boss. And then, unfortunately, we have the media. Let's see how I say it so that it sounds good, they are corporate media. They are not Journalists. in the sense of their ethical code. But they work for something. And they are corporate, they are corporate media, it is the same as your press team of a company. Well, they are the press team of an ideology, of alcohol, and that is what they do. distribute. So, we have to defend ourselves. And, well, this is what it is. Therefore, I believe, let's see, and going to the. economy. This has no solution... Forget it, no It has a solution...I have many friends in France...And they tell me that there is going to be a civil war in France. I mean, man, how he dies is that barbaric. He says, hey, I'm alive, eh? I mean, but for me it's going to be outrageous. He says that we are not going to achieve them, we are not going to achieve Integrate each other. That there is a confrontation. He says, you have to work for that... He says, but this has already gotten out of hand... It's gone. There is no will. There is no will."

From the moment 00:44:01 until 00:44:27 Interviewer says: "I believe, let's see, and going to the . There is a moment"

From the moment 00:44:27 until 00:44:27 Jose Luis Cava says: "There is a moment"

From the moment 00:44:29 to 00:45:19 Interviewer says: "there is no way back...Basically because that requires brave politics, with long lights. We are in the hands of people who, surely, for the most part, there are very good people, but, for the most part, I wouldn't hire them. My company, you know? Between you and me, right? And few companies. And these people, well, in any case, let me tell you... By the way, Have you said one thing regarding the official version, the media and such? When I say goodbye to you, I will explain it to those who are around here. Which are a lot, by the way... And I see that there are few Likes What's going on? You're not liking it, José Luis? Or what? Eh? You're not liking it? Like everyone, man, otherwise it won't be reflected... But it's true that in the media Now they have launched a campaign that talks about the fact that the truth is only in the hands of journalists... As if that were it... But well, that is another topic that we will discuss."

From the moment 00:45:23 until 00:45:23 Jose Luis Cava says: "it's because it's obviously not like that."

From the moment 00:45:27 until 00:45:27 Interviewer says: "My health is in the hands of the"

From the moment 00:45:29 until 00:45:29 Jose Luis Cava says: "doctors."

From the moment 00:45:31 until 00:45:35 Interviewer says: "Well. And that you do a diet, and that you do sports."

From the moment 00:45:37 until 00:45:45 Jose Luis Cava says: "I have an endless struggle with my son too...And that my wife...And we have had that problem at home. My woman told him how to eat, and he said no, he has no idea...Hey, "

From the moment 00:45:49 to 00:46:19 Interviewer says: "Say goodbye, José Luis, because you already know what we do here on this channel. The interviews, the talks, we make them short so that they remain eager for Another, You know, I wanted to ask you, because you have commented that we are there with possible Reserves, what we can do to protect ourselves a little from that loss of purchasing power... You have talked about gold, you have talked about raw materials, Not even today, but I have heard you talk about Diamonds, about bitcoin... You about bitcoin, what plan do you see?"

From the moment 00:46:21 to 00:48:43 Jose Luis Cava says: "From a theoretical point of view I will answer you...The success of bitcoin depends on the following, that it be used as a means of payment. The same What happened with gold? At the beginning, gold was a means of payment... Let that roll. When it is already consolidated as a means of payment and people know that people have to use bitcoin to pay a debt, then it accumulates it as a store of value... That is the first thing that bitcoin has to do, negotiate a lot. Secondly, here everything around bitcoin revolves around La.set, okay? La.set will allow, has asked for a temporary order to think about, but it doesn't know what to do, but it is going to allow the Bitcoin ETFs to be launched, okay? So, if the big financial industry gets into the bitcoin, well, they have already gotten involved, speaking clearly, they have already gotten involved, the most likely thing is that bitcoin will progress in that sense. I, as a Speculator, well, look, I have it on the radar, right now the trend is not It is bullish, but the moment I see that the trend is bullish, I am going to accumulate in Falls. But bitcoin. I think you have to have it. Right now, look in detail, if you look at a bitcoin chart you will see that in the 26,000 zone, there they have tried to make support and now it has recovered and is above 27,000... Yes, support zone Zone 25-26 holds, bitcoin will most likely rise. I'm not a fortune teller, I don't know what he's going to do, I tell him what I'm thinking. So, if the upward trend resumes, I think we should pay attention... And it is very important, there is a fund called Gray Scale, which has already won a lawsuit against the Sec and is going to convert. in an ETF, so if the financial world already invests in ETFs, you don't need to buy bitcoin through ETFs, you can buy it directly, but many people feel calmer going to the ETF and don't have to. guard your bitcoin...And I tell you more, it is going to defend us from the Government, I am not a specialist in bitcoin and technical aspects, but one thing has occurred to me...If a government comes up with evil and wants To cancel our bitcoin, it would be enough to prevent us from having the address in our Computer's memory. Is the address clear? with military specialists and they have it on paper that...Simply don't let us, if you have physical bitcoins in your Name, that is, if you have them in a bag or in Something, you don't have them cold, you take it. simply with that they take away the possibility that the address is not on your computer. Now it's giving you a problem...Or I'm going to turn off the light, of course...I say go to the Internet."

From the moment 00:48:45 to 00:50:23 Interviewer says: "No, but man, from here, in a few days, there is a congress, there is a meeting called Watchout. Bitcoin Spain in Madrid and where the top experts of this History are going to come. In which, by the way, I am at a table and I am having a debate with Mafo, so things are promising... But in any case, The interesting thing is that Cold wallet. That you can have it because I. Bitcoin see it more as a digital cash. Future in which I can buy. Whatever I want without having to be. Telling people. You don't have why commit a crime...I don't commit a crime when I use 50 euros and I go somewhere. In other words, it's my 50 euros and there is no record anywhere that I'm having a coffee with a cognac. Well the same with bitcoin, I see it there, I don't see it as much. You as a speculator, well, obviously you are looking for returns. But I believe that, honestly, it is a good space for. for the moment. Let's see, with The ETFs and all this, finally what you are going to see is a demand for bitcoin that now does not exist... And if people trust the ETFs as custodians, well, everyone can do what they consider. . Those are recommendations...José Luis, a little thing...There are four selected questions and we are going to ask them to you very quickly and so, you answer them and that's it. Very easy...Let's see. We have Ricardo Soto. Thank you for the donation. He says that what do we think about investing in... What do you think? Invest in gold and silver in the long term to combat stagflation, not just inflation... He diversifies in metals, cash, dollars, Mexican peso, Swiss franc, more or less, what you have mentioned, but hey, if you want say something else...Man, I sincerely believe that"

From the moment 00:50:23 to 00:51:35 Jose Luis Cava says: "Man, I sincerely believe that they have raw materials...Well, I like gold more than silver. I already know that Silver has to rise, it is delayed and such, but I am more into gold than silver. Speaking what I do, okay, everyone has to decide their own thing. I like raw materials. ...I like them quite a bit, I agree. And more than anything, because the problem that the West has right now is the problem of a shortage of raw materials. The problem we have when it comes to investing is that if in a certain moment...I am, for example, thinking about oil. It is true, they have cut off production, but at a certain moment, if Russia has been released, they will need to export more gold, especially if the economy. in recession, they will have to eliminate the cuts. Secondly, you will hear that they are also talking about the strategic oil reserve. It is a story, because what need does the United States have to have a high strategic reserve when Is it the world's leading oil producer? and when we look at all the Liquids derived from petroleum, we find that they have an adequate reserve. Therefore, I think that the price of oil can go up, I think it can go up, it is solid And I diversify by entering raw materials, francs, Swiss francs, gold, okay, and Bitcoin seems like a very good idea to me. It's the path I'm working on."

From the moment 00:51:37 to 00:51:47 Interviewer says: "And by the way, one thing I forgot to ask you...How can it be that interest rates go up a few days ago in the euro. And the euro depreciates against the dollar?"

From the moment 00:51:49 until 00:53:25 Jose Luis Cava says: "And that makes sense. I'll explain it to you so that you can see it. It's very easy...The Stock Market is a machine that discounts expectations...He's not a journalist, okay? On TV they want to see that they publish the news and that the price immediately moves in that direction. No, that's not how the stock market plays...The stock market is a machine that discounts expectations... When you already have it discounted, I explain it well, when you already have it discounted, when The News comes out, there is a little bit of distance left and then it moves in the opposite direction. This, in yesterday's movement, what people understood is that the European Central Bank, with this increase, was already the last, okay? And then people automatically said, well, now the euro is not going to have as much. support because it will continue to fall. In the Futures markets they are discounting the cuts starting in June, okay? They say that they may have an increase and then cuts... Then the two factors came together. On the one hand, it was very discounted and on the other hand, by inserting the word that the New. was, which would probably be the last one. that they are going to have to think about, that already. caused the euro to weaken. But if you notice, the initial downward movement was then annulled. Generally when news comes out, whatever the sign, I have learned that it is better not to speculate on those days, okay? That day it is better not to speculate because the movements are violent. In fact, for example, on my channel we always say, on Sp 500, when the typical very important news comes out, during the 45 minutes after the publication of the news, it is not advisable to speculate because there are false movements. "Just like that, but false... To deceive us."

From the moment 00:52:21 to 00:54:27 Interviewer says: "about this, in yesterday's movement. Totally false. I remember when I worked in the Stock Market in the years 96, 97. that's where we were still going with.the telephone that we put there on top of the.modem, I remember that, and I will always remember the fact that there are times when things happen in reverse, precisely because they are discounted...There is an Effect. remarkable, sometimes people don't...at least, I don't know, maybe you think it's not that exact, But.when Let's say.the case that interest rates don't rise More.in Europe,let's say The Case, the euro loses interest with respect to the dollar, it depreciates a little. and it turns out that this does not increase the oil... The oil does not increase because as the barrels are filled in dollars, he says, but how can it be. that now we who can... well no, you buy less or you buy the same thing at a higher price and that's why everything ends up having repercussions. That is, it is inflationary. the fact that you paralyze the increase in rates, not because money becomes cheaper, but because your confrontation with that which is purchased in raw materials is much lower. "Those are the funny things about economics."

From the moment 00:54:31 until 00:54:43 Jose Luis Cava says: "about a maharajah who goes to a country, and he was the guy who had the most gold in the world, right? So he goes to a country, "I don't remember which country, and it goes and distributes gold among the people to make people richer. It caused such an increase in prices that it made them poorer."

From the moment 00:54:45 to 00:55:31 Interviewer says: "In fact, that's the story, there is a video of mine, I'm going to send it to you, I made a video, from time to time, well I It's important to investigate things from history, right? What is the richest guy in history? This guy was a king of Mali, who is the richest guy in history... In other words, to the analysis of wealth. Comparatively, he surpasses Rockefeller, he was the richest man, he surpasses everyone. He was the richest guy in the world for a certain time... And this guy went to Egypt and distributed all the gold he had because he had a lot of gold.and it caused not only the most absolute inflation...Of course, people had so much money that they didn't want to work, it was a tremendous thing...But hey, I'm going to send it to you so you can see it, let's see what Do you think...Hey, José Luis, it's a pleasure to have you on my live show, it won't be the last time. You're going to love it."

From the moment 00:55:33 until 00:55:33 Jose Luis Cava says: "At your disposal. And to everyone"

From the moment 00:55:35 until 00:55:51 Interviewer says: "and well, everyone probably liked it because now they are going to start sending likes and congratulations and everything. And you already know, if you want to know more about José Luis, he has a tremendous channel there, it ends. And every morning he has a coffee. with all his followers. and with instructions on what to do... Thank you very much, José Luis. A pleasure. "

From the moment 00:55:53 until 00:55:55 Jose Luis Cava says: "Thank you, greetings to everyone. Thank you, thank you very much... Good luck. See you soon."

From the moment 00:55:57 to 01:03:25 Interviewer says: "Bye...How wonderful, right? The Interview, the talk we had with José Luis. Cava. Honestly, it is one of these. You learn a lot of things, don't you? While you talk to him. Let's go straight to the final part. I want to simply tell you three details with a final reflection and the names of the winners and a series of things that need to be done. But hey, let me tell you that, as always, if you liked it, you have to put pressure on the likes and give comments because that makes the algorithm or whatever value this video, which you already know. In the live shows, YouTube does not promote them, I only show them to you at the beginning... Upcoming guests that you will see here on this Channel, well from José Luis Cárpatos, Juan Soto. Ibarz, Samuel Huar, police that you surely know ,María Jamardo,María Blanco,poor Millennial,who.will finally be known on this channel Who.is,poor Millennial,who is.a person who makes tremendously instructive and didactic content.about what to do with our money,how. achieve financial freedom, but no one knows who it is and it will be known here. We have José. Luis Izuel.from the World of the Self-Employed, we will also have. Diego de la Cruz, Edurne Uriarte, Manuel Llamas, Lorenzo Amor and Gisela Baños. Many people in the next live shows that it is not easy to combine everything, but there are many people who want to be there. You are going to allow me to tell you that the winners of the contest have to do the following, by the way, in the list that appeared there, the list with the photographs, the photograph was not of the winners, the The photograph was an ornament, there are people who say Damn, what a coincidence that they are all so young, no, it was a resource photograph that is used to say, you have won, right? Because, as they were there, but Well, in any case I repeat, if you are one of you, you have to send an email to.hello, H-e-l-l-o, at, allrework, at-l-l-v, then I will put it here below, allrework.com, my company... Send an email there if you are one of them. and you show that you are one of those winners... The books Una Ormiga en Paris Signados. have won Carmen Ester La Fuente, . Julen Sistiaga, . The signed Era of Humanity has been won by Gorka. Hunda, Jessica Gisela. Martínez Johnson, the blue Polo of the Racing Club Lens Series. Limitada was won by María Pilar Flix, the black Polo from Lutrek Series. Limited 50 Hart was won by Diego Raúl. Gal Marini, the Tickets for the Bitcoin Watchout 2023 were won by Noelia Rodríguez Tejero and Carolina García Gabaldón... Tell you that if you are one of them, just send an email and we will do everything necessary for you to receive it. ..Let me finish with one thing that we were discussing now with José Luis. and that it has to do with this Campaign that is out there right now. Same. about the fact that it is a campaign against the Content Generators, it is not in favor of the Journalism.is against the Content generators.that the things that are said.or that generate content in a series of People.whoever we are,whoever they are,I don't know.because it is not Reliable.or it costs,or what It could be unreliable, that at some point you have deceived something like that, or that the best thing is that you go directly to the traditional journalistic sources, because that is where the truth is... it doesn't keep me awake because I sincerely believe that what you have to do is inform yourself in multiple ways, not just through what you have. Someone who is considered to be the one who can give you the official version, I can tell you, I can assure you, that I experience censorship everywhere. In other words, it is tremendous, on Tiktok, for example, it is a network that I wanted to try to see what content can be generated, we generate it more or less punctually on Tiktok. My videos are systematically blocked because. They consider that talking about economics is not appropriate, or at least in the way that I say it, but I have a lot of videos that are banned and those that are not banned already warn you that they will not be banned. move, incredible things, on Instagram. similar things happen and here as. you also know sometimes. this in the end to me. the other day I thought, well, what happens. with this, the reception of information and what you can. explain and of course, and I sincerely want it to be important to guess that no one has the absolute Truth and that what is interesting is to know without anyone having to translate it for you. Look at this story, there was a guy who won a hundred thousand dollars.or one hundred thousand euros In.I don't know, in something, Let's.put.in Las Vegas,He won.one hundred thousand dollars in Las Vegas.the guy decided to take that.money and bury it in his.garden,in his garden of his house. He buried it, at the end. One day the guy comes home to take those hundred thousand dollars and look for a way to deposit them or invest them in whatever and sees that they are no longer there, there is a hole. There is a hole in the ground. Footprints that lead to the house Next door, in the house next door. There is a neighbor who is deaf and dumb, that is, he does not hear and cannot speak. The point is that he says How do I tell this guy to give me my money back? And he takes it. And how do you know a guy who knows sign language? He calls him and says. Hey, you should come with me and tell my neighbor to give me my money back. money.he stole it from me because my fingerprints are there and then the guy takes him there, knocks on the door, the neighbor comes out and he practically can't talk or listen and he tells him He says, Tell him my Money, let him tell you Where he has it or I'll kill him, and the Guy, well, the translator, the Name, who knows sign language, makes the signs for him, and the other one who answers him. He says, also with Signs. He tells him, the money, is Truth. I have it, don't worry, it is in my. garden, right. right in a cherry tree. He tells the True. owner of the one hundred thousand dollars, he tells him. He says, hey, look, he says the following, he doesn't intend to tell you, that he would rather be Dead, well, well, that, the important thing in this story is, or the metaphor of this story, is that the Absolute truth. Nobody is going to have it. In the end only you are going to have it. Based on the consciousness and Knowledge. of the more things You Can. Identify Around. Let Nobody translate anything for you, try. to understand what you see. assuming that the more sources you have, the better. I am not the one who knows the most. Nor was José Luis Caba the one who knows the most. Nor is any talk show host from I don't know Where. No one is the one who knows the most about Nothing. But in the group of the opinions and concepts that one can Analyze. It doesn't matter that you are not an expert in Everything. You can make objective Reasonings about what affects you and what does not affect you, sometimes People say who it is. The wisest person in my house, my grandmother, my grandmother is the wisest. How many careers does my grandmother have? none, I didn't have any, that is to say. in the end it is not just a question of the educational level, it is the critical level that you have. or fundamentally. to decide for yourselves, that no one tells you what you have to believe. or what you have to consider. appropriate, thank you very much. from the usual ones, we continue"