"From the moment 00:00:05.400000 to 00:00:07.400000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"And I think those years were thrown away...Do you hear?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:00:10.400000 to 00:00:12.400000 Interviewer says: \"Where do you start? Because this is very broad...Well, a bit of a summary of the most filmy stuff.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:00:14.950000 to 00:00:18.950000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I am from a nation also called... well, it was called communist reconstruction at that time, to go fight against the Islamic State. \"\n\nFrom the moment 00:00:24.950000 to 00:00:30.950000 Interviewer says: \"No, fighting with a rifle...Posting Tweets...So you weren't tweeting, I was in the trench...There were people, yes ,who was in the trenches...Would you say that a revolution is needed?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:00:25.250000 to 00:01:06.290000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Post Tweets...So you weren't tweeting, I was in the trenches...There were people, yes, who were in the trenches.. .and that has displaced what could be called biological women...And not only that, but they call them Ter, that is, because the Nazis are going to hit them in places...We live in a dystopian situation in all areas...Immigration model, the question of women, the education of children, hypersensualizing them and putting horrible theories, from my point of view, into their heads...Weakness is being encouraged... \"There are people who are ashamed of being Spanish...There are people who are ashamed of being white...There are people who are ashamed of being otorosexual...There comes a time when it is ridiculous.\"\n\nFrom moment 00:01:07.730000 to 00:01:11.730000 Interviewer says: \"Something that I really liked about your speech is the defense of the flag, damn it, because for me this is pure common sense.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:01:14.730000 to 00:01:21.730000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Pedro S\u00e1nchez and Podemos, it makes me laugh...And the fascists are everyone else...And there are not even fascists there nor communists...It's like a scam, they are making fun of people.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:01:29.740000 to 00:03:01.740000 Interviewer says: \"Well here we are, one more day, one more week...A San Miguel, in this case, with Roberto Vaquero...How are you? Is everything okay? Nice to be here...Welcome...I'm really glad you came...Now that we're on 23J...We're trying to make some electoral content...De that our listeners have a somewhat clear vision...I see that the media, in the end, nowadays are very manipulated...Very biased...And that the parties, be they of the type that Sean, do not normally have a court free to express yourself calmly...Then I would like to talk to you about two things...On the one hand, about you...As a personal figure...And then about the party you have been representing...I also understand right now... And I must tell you that it seems to me, you know, that watching your game, and well, in particular your videos, what I have seen of you... It seems to me that it is quite fresh air... Considering what was seen. ..I mean, I see that lately, in recent times, it's like the population buys packages... You know? Well, if you are from the left, you have to defend this, this and this... And if you are from the right, you have to defend this, this and this... And it's like there is no criterion... And your party, in the end It's like it's a little confusing...I guess it's difficult to position...Left, right...It has features, right? So at least I know we'll disagree on some things...But at least it feels like fresh air to me...You know? I think it smells closed and Spanish politics, finally...I guess...\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:03:04.680000 to 00:03:55.680000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I don't know if you will ask me about that later or not...But it seems to me that it is like a game of Muppets.to fool people ...And deep down, although it seems that everything is very polarized, and that they confront a lot, they often defend, in essence, the same thing... And, well, the political panorama is divided by them, first by financing ...Because since they have already been in power, they have rights, that is, they have already had representation, they have the right to money, they have the right to more space, they have the right to many things. than the parties that do not have representation or the new ones don't have them...We have to collect signatures, for example, which is outrageous...We are going to present ourselves in 51 constituencies out of 52...The only thing missing is Melilla...And, of course, it is difficult to achieve...Then I see other parties that try and in such a short time it is impossible...So they play with an absolute advantage.and what they do is perpetuate a little of what exists...So it is very difficult for \"There is fresh air. Because, as soon as there is a little, they close the window.\"\n\nFrom instant 00:04:01.140000 to 00:04:01.140000 Interviewer says: \"like left or right. Do you consider yourself, I guess, outside of...?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:04:09.690000 to 00:04:46.690000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"what can anyone who sees us imagine... And I believe that those years were thrown away. and I was risking my time for things that In reality, they weren't even my own interests...And I came out of there very renegade...And I don't defend either the left or the right...I think that that is a dichotomy that is already out of date.and that what there is It's people dividing up both those who are from the more moderate left or right, and then their radical versions that when things happen in the end they always end up joining the big one...And we have broken with that...So some call us fascists, Others call us communists, they call us everything, everyone... But it doesn't matter to us... We want to build something different. And we do want to be a little bit of that fresh air that you talk about.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:04:49.690000 to 00:06:06.690000 Interviewer says: \"Before getting into the matter, I would like to send a message to the Audience. Because you may have seen the other day we had Abascal here...We invite to everyone...They were the first to volunteer...Now you are here...And well, if before the elections we manage to bring Pessoa, Epp and whoever wants to come, then great on our part. ..But something that I have not liked at all with the Abascal issue is the number of Dms that I have received of messages saying. But how do you think of giving a voice to...? And this has not only been told to me with Abascal, but they tell me. Well, we bring an aunt who says she is half a Martian... How do you think of giving her a voice? We bring anyone... Any person, right? So... and I know that I They are going to say it with you too...100%...Totally. Totally...And I say, the argument they use is like it is dangerous...And I say, let's see, let's see...What it is dangerous is not listening to a little bit of everything. and trying to extract what you consider to be positive from each of the Arguments. and having your own criteria and building your Opinion, not buying what was said at the beginning of the packages... So, I would invite the audience to listen without bias, to listen calmly to what you and anyone else have to say, and to build their own opinion because they seem like sheep to me, literally... Everyone who is writing that to me... How Does it occur to you to give it a voice? How can you think ? How can you think? Go fuck each other in the ass...I mean, I mean, you know? You understand what I'm saying, right?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:06:12.690000 to 00:06:56.690000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"There is like a dictatorship of political correctness. And as soon as you leave that single thought, of those Dogmas, you immediately become the worst you can be. imagine...And I think it is one thing that shows that we are in a decadent society.and that I think we should break with that...Enough that there has to be a message.and whatever alternative there may be, we must shoot her...And I think it is a mistake...I mean, in the case of Abascal, in a party that has representation, because I understand that I called the milestones to speak...For me, for example, When I go to Barzona and other places, they tell me about demonstrations and they try to hit me... I mean, it's a dystopia. It's a real dystopia... Because they are people who supposedly defend democracy, freedom of expression, etc., but immediately It is designated as Dangerous hate speech. Anything in a critical way, because they don't really value what you say... But you are directly bad, You are Dangerous, you are outside, you can't have any space.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:06:59.060000 to 00:08:11.060000 Interviewer says: \"Of course...And besides, I don't come here to debate with anyone, really...I come to listen to all points of view... For example, I am a businessman...In fact I know that you have a more communist approach...I know that you will be against what I do, but when I talk to you, I listen to your point of view, I will try to understand and also put myself in your place...And in the end, surely the conclusion will be that you are not right...I am not right either, but it is a matter of priorities...Maybe you prioritize the Community, I prioritize, I am more selfish maybe and it can be like that...And that's it...But then we'll get into that...What I would like to start with is with your personal figure, with who Roberto Baquero is, because I have been told More like a little bit of your story. And I think it's cool... It's like a bit of a movie... It's a movie as it is... And then you're a figure that draws attention, you know, used to the politicians that we are seeing, well you see \u00cd\u00f1igo Rej\u00f3n and then you seem to have come out of Mortal Kombat, well tell us a little about that... Outside of politics I have heard Syria, prison... Where do you start, because this is very broad... Well, a summary of the most filmy stuff.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:08:10.830000 to 00:10:11.830000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Well, a summary of the most movie...If it's Syria, for example, we have always collaborated a lot with the Kurdish community. and Spain always has somewhat murky relations with Turkey, which is a country that for me is a dictatorship, but there will be people who will tell you that it is authoritarian, but well, it is not a place where people can do whatever they want. ..So here there also began to be persecution of the Kurdish community here...So well, we said, we have to start organizing with them and we started working with them...They tap my phones and everything in 2012 ,2013, simply for being with these people, for helping people in the Kurdish community...When the Islamic State thing happens, well, we are people with many concerns in this sense, we are against Islamism, Islamization of Spain and also in general...But when you say we, who are you? Well, we, the group that founded the Workers' Front, what was the Motor Group, is the group where I come from... So, this is talking about 2009, 2010, 2011, that is, a job that has been going on for quite some time. time...When the Islamic State thing happens, we, even our friends, our friends' relatives, are murdered in Syria...So well, we are very affected by that...And in that context, I am from a relationship that is also called, well, it was called Communist Reconstruction at that time... And a call is made similar to that of the international brigades that existed in Spain, here in the Civil War... Well, anyway, but to go to fight against the Islamic State...So, they accuse me...Well, in fact, they say that it is approved, I mean, I can say it...They say that I am the one who organized it, because people go to fight there...And well, when they return, they arrest them, they start to put pressure, they put us on trial based on all this...And for fighting against the Islamic State, they put us on trial...They have me on remand I was only on remand...Then I was not sentenced to serving time...And at the end of a 27-year sentence that they put me in for being the bad guy at the end of the game, well it stayed at one year and six months, and I'm still fighting to get clean...That's the situation I have now.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:10:17.290000 to 00:10:23.290000 Interviewer says: \"because you said fight against the Islamic State, and nowadays in today's society, fighting can mean posting tweets... So you weren't tweeting, \"You were in the trench.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:10:23.160000 to 00:11:40.160000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"So you weren't tweeting, you were in the trench... There were people who were, who were in the trench... They arrested me for being the investigator or the Organizer, and I spent 49 days in anti-terrorist isolation Festivals, everything happens to me there...In fact, people say that I should write a book about That, because everything happens to me...And Well, I was one way before I got in there...Well, I was a guy who always trained a lot, I always gave a lot of importance to studying, training, etc...What it is for me...Before jail too...It was like that before...I suffered a shoulder injury, I stopped training, and when they put me in jail I started training a lot...And when I got out, well I ended up competing...O I mean, I started training a team without ending up competing... They told me that with my shoulder I couldn't train again, I started doing rehabilitation like an Animal, I started training and I ended up competing... I stopped studying to get to work in his day, I went out, I got a degree in geography in History, I got my master's degree and I'm doing my doctorate... I mean, I kind of disciplined myself a lot there... I mean, I was in itself a person, compared to a person who only goes out to parties and so on, was very organized...But when I left there, I came out transformed...I was a person who dedicated myself to working to achieve my goals.and I didn't look at anything else thing...And I also dedicate myself to building myself, also to contribute to others...So, of course, instead of destroying me, what he made me was much stronger...I came out much stronger there ...Mentally and at all levels...And the people with whom you shared time in prison?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:10:52.820000 to 00:11:44.550000 Interviewer says: \"Already before, already... And the people with whom you shared time in prison. Did you notice a similar effect? \u200b\u200bOr was it something in you What disciplined you?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:11:49.930000 to 00:12:50.930000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"From seeing people who were going to ten years, maybe eleven...I was with a boy who had been in jail longer than years. I was when I was there... I had been there for 31 years... And of course, now I write to you, I send you things, I try to help... I mean, I try to do things to help people who are like this... But I saw a lot broken people... And I saw people who, despite having been there for a long time and being a little bad, got ahead, made an effort... So I saw it as something of an example... I was there with people who give fear... That is, I was with people, especially the first time I was in Soto, I was with Arcan tigers, I was with Albanian and Italian gangsters... I was with very curious people... I was with Eta prisoners ...I was with all kinds of people...And there were some of them that I learned a lot...And I also learned to relate in another way...I learned, for example, with this guy who was Serbia...I learned to train in a different way...Because he was a physical phenomenon...And I dedicated myself to doing that...I read, trained and prepared...And in fact when I went out there, that's when I proposed the plan of doing the Fento Obrero and all this...I mean, it was actually a very short period, but very productive for me.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:12:54.690000 to 00:12:58.690000 Interviewer says: \"And going back, when they decide to go there, how many people leave? In other words, these are four crazy people who from one day to the next say... \"\n\nFrom the moment 00:13:03.240000 to 00:13:37.520000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"They were people who really loved...How many people? Well, in the trial only two appear...So we are going to say that they are two...And they were there at the front with the International Brigade...And there were people from all countries...And the only country that faces trial, is the only group, is us... In fact, the people who said that they were like our bosses in other places... And the people wrote for... To such as? yes... But yes, and there were people from Italy, there were people from a lot of Germany, There were people from England, there were people from many countries.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:13:46.430000 to 00:13:47.430000 Interviewer says: \"No, it starts in high school... I started becoming politicized in high school...\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:13:47.210000 to 00:17:07.350000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I began to become politicized at the institute, in student assemblies, a little in the anti-fascist thing at the beginning too...And in the end, well, I was reading more...I have always been a person who has read a lot, with many concerns...And I began to realize a little about what I call the fashion of the revolution...That there are people who have as a pact, they dress a certain way, they talk a certain way, they go to some concerts, they like it a lot... I started there, but I soon started to be like the weird one... And I started having problems from the beginning ...And I was moving away, moving away until I founded an organization in itself, which is a bit of the embryo of everything we are now... And we have arrived until today... In other words, it has been like a process of breakup that I think when I got out of prison is the moment when we said we have to break up with these people...I mean, this is a burden...The only thing it does is not get close to normal people, which is who we want to get closer to...Because they criticize me a lot and tell me, it's not that you are no longer dedicated to the fight for the workers, you have betrayed...And it's just that I don't know, in my neighborhood, I live in Legan\u00e9s , in San Nicasio, which is a working-class neighborhood of immigrants... And when I talk to people, whether they are Spanish or from abroad, their problems are that they don't have a job, that their work is rubbish, that they don't get to the end of the month, that their daughter cannot go out on the street after 9 at night because something happens to her, that they do not steal...They have a series of problems that we, or at least I, share, I live in That situation too and I want to solve it... And all these groups, although they are very radical on the left, are more concerned with invented oppressions, with fashions that come from the United States... And I don't think they are beneficial to anyone, it is something for the people who drive the business...So I kind of, from a very young age, started to break with that...We within what is the antifa scene in its day or in the more communist vibe or more of extreme left, we were already very poorly seen at that time, because we did not follow these things. We didn't like to follow trends...We can be the worst for many people and we can be criticized for many things, but of course by being consistent with what we think, it is impossible for them to criticize us, because you may like it or not. That is each person's question...But we are not Groucho Marx Marxists, I have some principles and if you don't like them I have others. It is what it is...I mean, we are like that and if we like it well and if not, well, that's just how we are. We don't have to deceive anyone... I mean, I totally deny it. People call it Woke ideology, I call it ideological postmodernism, but it amounts to the same thing... That is, this whole issue of globalism that is also called that many times, yes totally against it... I consider myself a patriot. I have nothing to do with that...When they say to me, no, it's because you're right-wing because you're a patriot, right? Yes, but I defend the class struggle, right? So it's like people's heads explode, but following Pacs is the only thing they do without using... That is, you can have things that are right, but there are things that are wrong and you defend them solely and exclusively because it's your fashion, right? It's like your urban tribe and that's how they work. Yes, it is a criterion...Yes, it is an error. They have criticized me a lot for sitting down to talk to people who are not of my ideology, supposedly according to them... So I have debated with many liberals, I have even debated with real right-wing people, with conservatives, with Woke people too. ...It's like if he even wants to sit with me to debate and be a person you can talk to, I don't have any problem...And that makes me practically first a legitimizer of fascism and then directly a fascist...And it's like, well, I don't know, maybe we have different visions of what a fascist is, really.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:17:15.900000 to 00:17:52.060000 Interviewer says: \"Because what I see and what happens to me, having Bascal here the other day, happens to me with people I know who are maybe from Vox... And everyone defends, for example, the bulls because they are in the Pack... And that's it, and that's what it is. And I say, for me that's what, I don't know, that is, it's a lack of judgment... Just be it left, right, up, down, I don't care, right? And then you mentioned the word revolution before... You would say, let's see, in some way, the environment is already a little revolutionized, the truth is... But \"You would say that we need a revolution that is happening, that is happening but badly.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:18:05.400000 to 00:19:49.400000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I believe that it is quite the opposite, what is happening is degenerating society at accelerated rates...People who even know without hammers, you can see in the iconography of many Wow and organizations... They talk about socialism, the revolution and of course, I think... I also want it to be separated, that the people who see this separate what I am in itself from the front worker...Because I do come from a tradition, I do consider myself a communist, but the people of the Workers' Front do not...There are people who do, but many people who do not...I have a broad front and there is a program that for me it is a minimum, that for others it is a maximum, but that we all agree that it is necessary, what you said about Common Sense, that there are certain things that many people can agree on and we want to be a movement transversal...So I have no problem answering anything about communism or anything, but I want people to separate me a little from where I come from, from what the front itself is, because if not I can harm them and that's not my intention...Logical, logical...And about what you were saying, to me these people seem the other way around, the glitter counterrevolution...They seem to me to be the most systemic, because when you say, no, It's just that for me they are the most rational... People say how can these people be rational? And it seems to me that the terminology here is important. What they are, they are systemic...The left has gone from paralyzing countries, from wanting to transform, from wanting to reach Socialism, from wanting to do things, to suddenly what they do is maintain what exists...O That is, they make small changes, what they call small advances... But advances for whom, advances of what... So what I see is that it is like a big scam and they are the most systemic, because how are they going to defend the revolution in the sense of transformation of Society. If they have the same discourse and the same ideological pack as Amazon, for example, than Netflix? In other words, since when can the subversive radical left have the same line as the large business corporations? \"It breaks your head when you analyze that...And that's what many people don't see, because people are very deceived.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:18:54.760000 to 00:20:40.920000 Interviewer says: \"Logical, logical... Of course... But in the end, I'm lately regretting doing this podcast, because since I bring people who Sometimes they have their Conspiracy approach, the algorithms contaminate me, I already get conspiracy things. And I'm already a little involved in the game too... So the other day it hasn't come out yet, but we recorded with an expert in masonry, for example And he was talking about how it really doesn't even have to be from the United States, but rather something higher, the 2030 agenda, everything... I mean, it also sounds conspiracy-minded, but when you talk to this guy who's already out the podcast, well you may start to believe it... I think it comes from the United States... I was going to ask you that... I mean, I think that many times conspiracies...\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:20:39.550000 to 00:22:35.930000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I was going to ask you that... And I think that many times Conspiracies, the history of the conspiracy, what they do is blur a lot and distance people a lot. people...And I think it doesn't work because people say, no, it's that the 2030 agenda is a conspiracy theory, you put agenda 2030 web on Google... You give it to me and it appears on the web, that is It's not hidden...It's not a conspiracy, it's something that people don't bother to read, but it's there...And this whole ideological package that they are imposing on us is something that is coming from the United States... Even the right here is copying the right there, which is the reaction to what is happening there...The whole issue they talk about cheating, about people who are beginning to be fed up with how the United States is evolving... .And that they are copying that type of right here... That is, the right that is resurgent here in Spain has much more to do with that American style than with the traditional Spanish radical right of farangists forming squads and going down the street ...That doesn't happen in Spain...The right that exists here is very copied from the one that is emerging, very copied from that of the United States...I think that they copy the United States all the time, which is what we are doing for decades, I think it is not very positive for us...Well, in the Anglo-Saxon world, I would say...I think this comes from the Anglo-Saxon world...It has been imported to Europe and it is also being imported to Spain...And it is a continuous issue...I remember when I started to practice inclusive language...All of this was something that when it arrived I laughed and said, how pathetic, this is not going to be imposed never here...Who in their right mind is going to do this? And after a while... I mean, when time passed, they kicked me out of the assembly for not accepting it... And then I read that in the United States it had happened 30 years before or 20 years before... And the issue of transgenderism That movement did not exist here before... The feminism that was here was different... It has displaced it... It has displaced it... It is something that constantly comes in waves because the dominant culture here is North American...At the level of type of series, movie, music,...Everything comes there...And it is one thing that in the end will fall on people...Social networks...It is that everything comes there.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:22:32.630000 to 00:22:38.070000 Interviewer says: \"Of course...Yes, it has a lot of influence on what the lifestyle is.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:22:41.610000 to 00:22:52.610000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"And at the level of ideology about the population and culture, it is the culture that pushes national cultures...And national cultures are being eroded and \"Everyone is taking this very cosmopolitan globalist culture...And what is being done is erasing it from here instead of continuing to evolve and adapt things that are not from here.\"\n\nFrom moment 00:22:58.730000 to 00:22:58.730000 Interviewer says: \"And do you think it comes from governments, from companies?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:23:03.410000 to 00:24:04.410000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Because I believe that governments are at the service of those who finance them...So who finances the Governments? Well, those big companies... Who do they depend on at the level of image and other issues as well? So, I think that both the left... Well, the left more Psoe style, more of the big parties, as Margallo said, centrists... Both the Psoe like the PP defend similar things...In fact, Margallo says that the 2030 Agenda is the Gospel...And keep in mind that it is the party that came from the dictatorship, which was very conservative people...And now, Look, what positions they are having...And that is because they are adapting party speeches to all North Americans...Even the parties here were not like that...The Socialist Party in Spain was a grassroots party, a party that came from workerism, from the union... It has become a party that uses everything... It wants to get votes from whoever... It is not focused on a segment, on the population, and it defends its interests... It is It's like it's focused on what feels good...And the Pp is exactly the same. They have become all-out parties...And that is also imported. Because? Because the Republican Party and the Republic Party are also like that...We copy a lot.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:24:06.410000 to 00:24:09.410000 Interviewer says: \"I guess they also force each other to be able to compete...If you are going to catch everything, I also have to go catch everything to be able to compete with you .\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:24:18.770000 to 00:24:31.770000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Even the migratory models that exist have a perception that is similar...The spokespersons against racism of large organizations, etc., are literally copied from what they are like in the United States...And it is something that is very global. They approach it in a fairly global way.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:24:36.410000 to 00:24:45.410000 Interviewer says: \"And pulling the cable, because we follow either governments, corporations... It strikes me what the interest behind all this uauquism could be. ..I mean, get to what point. Who is interested?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:24:48.380000 to 00:31:17.830000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Well, I believe that on an economic level they have a lot of profit...They have a great business set up...In which what they say is what acceptable and they induce a type of consumption...And what they do is implement it. And it is money and money and money...In fact now there is beginning to be a reaction, even the companies that have dedicated themselves to being pure business In this sense, for example Disney, Netflix, etc., people are starting to get fed up... There is a reaction, their sales are even going down... Now an interesting period is going to open, but until now what there has been is a incredible business...Because even with the issue of transgenderism, etc., there is an incredible business behind it...What they do is make money, political gain and the ability to maintain their control...And on top of that with a mantle of progress , that fascists come from I don't know who to complain... And I have seen it with the riots in France... some who are in mayor's offices, saying that we must support the riots. and that it is a question of the revolution in France...And there were people who sent accents to immigrants, churches, libraries, attacking people because of their skin color in the street...It's like a dystopia...I mean, what has happened in France is that Entire areas have been lumpenized...There are people who live on the margins separated from society...And what the migratory model does is encourage this to happen more and more...And there are millions of people who do not feel that country and that they are also like the fashion of the Suburbs, that as soon as anything happens, they go out into the street... That is, a boy dies in that accident, because the guy didn't shoot his head like they say ...He dies, okay, a shame, a criminal declares him, etc., it doesn't matter... He doesn't die, I don't think he should have died... But well, what he did isn't right either... But the The question is, this boy dies, France burns... he dedicates himself to stabbing babies in a park... Which is very good, Luis... Yes, but did France take to the streets? It didn't come out, nothing happened...I think that's when France has to burn and say that there has to be a change...But nothing happens there...A common criminal dies and everything burns... It cannot be, it cannot be... In other words, the implementation of these measures at all levels, both migratory and non-migratory, has led to dystopian situations... Feminism has gone beyond... The movement A feminist was committed to separating herself from men, to enhance women, a series of issues that don't seem right to me either... Because I believe in equality, but in Real equality, in quotas, discrimination, etcetera...But the thing is, it has gone from that to now those who are in charge, and that has displaced what could be called biological women...And not only that, but they call them Terf, that is, because the Nazis, and they are going to hit them in places...The other day, CNT, which is a union not suspected of being right-wing, nothing like that, they held a rally and tried to hit them for doing an act against the erasure of women, which is what is happening...Immigration model, the question of women, the education of children...and persexualizing them and putting horrific theories, from my point of view, into their heads... .Promote individualism, but at a level that is destroying people. When there are more mental problems than ever, when there are supposedly more media and more professionals than ever... Weakness is being encouraged in our society... People are getting weaker... There are people who say, of course, since the white man is now weak, well, of course, these things happen because weakness is not being encouraged throughout the world... There are people who He is ashamed of being Spanish, there are people who are ashamed of being white, there are people who are ashamed of being otorosexual... There comes a time when it is ridiculous and you see truly dystopian things... The other day at the party Gay pride, I'm going to say something that maybe isn't outrageous, they did a nudist march and naked guys came out dancing. And I looked at the side and there were little children... It's not normal, it's not normal. ..I mean, they can do whatever they want, but why do there have to be children there? Why do they have to do it in the street? Why do we have a Pride month? Well, I tell you, why do we have a pride month? Because it is a great business... They did it one day and said, this is a business, we do it for a month... Do they really care about people's sexual orientations? No, because in Spain, the vast majority of people don't care what sexual orientation you have... That's your thing, your life, and you will do what you want, no one gets in there... When we talk about Spain, it's not that Spain is horrible, it's a homophobic, racist country... If that happened, there wouldn't be 8 million immigrants in Spain... It's unreal... If you tell me, no, it's We are going to talk about Hungary, well we can sit down and talk about Hungary, but in Spain, which is a country that opens its doors to everyone, and which is a very open country in general, we do not live in the 50s with Franco...I mean, this has evolved...There are people who are still with Franco as if he were alive.and they are like in a kind of civil war between left and right of ideological Pax.and it is ridiculous because even in That time, in the 30s, you read, for example, the clandestine publication of the Falange. when they were illegalized and the reports came out about when they killed themselves. and they spoke with respect about the people... That is, you read the memoirs of some Falangists or texts. and those of the communists who were in the Shock brigades, that is, to kill themselves with them who literally killed themselves. before the civil war, that is, during the Republic, and they were people who later respected...And when they have written 20 or 30 years later about that Moment, they literally killed each other for their ideas and still respected each other...You see now, it's like a chicken coop, they are there with each other, chattering, Then they appear in photos laughing and taking I don't know what... It's like there is an enmity and they create an enmity in the population. As if we were living in a civil war, but it doesn't exist... It's not that it's a war between the communists who are social communists, Pedro S\u00e1nchez and Podemos, which makes me laugh, and the fascists who are all the rest... And there are no fascists or communists there, it's like a scam, they are laughing at people and every time I say This makes people's heads explode and everything makes me feel bad, but it's the truth... And when I see photos of Espinosa de Al\u00f3n Montero with Pablo Iglesias in Parliament at the time, laughing and making jokes, I say, So why then when you speak do you have that Polarization? If it is unreal, it is a lie, it is like facing the gallery... And people stop talking, they block each other, they run campaigns at a social level... And then the politicians that represent them, And you see how in the parliamentary sessions of the Republic, for example, and there were people who literally wanted to kill each other, but then you didn't see them together Tade, Choc\u00e1, we're going to party Then, it didn't happen. Then they are laughing at people...And it is something that pisses me off greatly.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:31:20.110000 to 00:31:44.110000 Interviewer says: \"Yes, I suppose it is like a play and that for Them the situation is much easier to deal with when the population is Arguing and is distracted between them, fighting continuously...And also linking a little with what you said Before, what I feel is that today having something to offend you for has become a privilege...And if You don't have anything that offends you, you need, I need a little flag to carry, something to defend, my message, my role on Twitter, I have to complain about something.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:31:55.110000 to 00:33:31.110000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"and in the end they have to make like a stopover for the members and Tal, and it was so crazy and like everyone had to oppress each other that they dissolved, because it was who oppresses who more? It was like a game, like a role-playing game interpreting something... So it's not serious, it's not serious... I tell you, for example when they say, it's not that... When people say, no, there is a problem, for example, because people on the street speak in a different way, it is not correct... And you ask someone what are the problems in your neighborhood? and of course, Immigration is going to tell you, I don't know what, it's going to tell you in a very direct way... And of course, and you say, no, but you are an Oppressor, and he is a guy who has been working since the morning Even in the afternoon, he goes to pick up his daughter at home, he has to accompany her so that nothing happens to her, he takes care of his family, he earns money to support her, that is, he is a person who is a good person, for so to speak...Why is it oppressive of anything? Because? Because he is white and lives in a neighborhood that is being robbed, he has an impossible life and is a hard worker, and a person who is a yuppie university student, who has not hit a beat in his life because he is living off his parents, and that person who is constructed and, oh, I'm very oppressed, that person is revolutionary, when in reality he is a parasite and can call him those things... And that's how we see it with the politicians that exist today, or That is, there are politicians from your sea who come from being spokespersons for, who are going to talk about nothing if they are privileged people... Now we come to talk about the issue of the Sahara, for example... I know daughters of Polisario leaders, it is I mean, not exactly the most neglected people, who have come here with distinguished families because they are the children of, and now they are spokespersons who are dedicated to saying no, it's just that I as an oppressed person and it's like look, you have an apartment in Moncloa, you are a person who lives in luxury, you are a person with higher education and you have not had a problem in your entire life.\"\n\nFrom instant 00:33:10.370000 to 00:33:10.370000 Interviewer says: \"Now we come to talk about that.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:33:38.370000 to 00:35:08.860000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"There are people who can...For example, the Moroccan people in my neighborhood can say it, but you can't say it...And You live from that, you live from that... There are people who live from being of Her origin, but we have to look at their material living conditions, because perhaps their material living conditions are better than ours... I don't own a house, I haven't had that opportunity yet... That's what you say, that if there isn't a flag, take another one, it doesn't matter... And a speech follows that everyone says the same thing, which is repulsive...I see it, for example, people will insult me \u200b\u200ba lot later, with the issue of the spokespersons of the environmentalist thing...I defend the sustainability of the planet, I believe in Ecology, but not in this environmentalism ...I mean, this is ridiculous, it's making people laugh...I mean, because a person uses plastic cups or not, it's not going to solve any problem...The problem is going to be that they stop producing and an alternative is given...And what they do is make people laugh...The Greta Thunbergs on duty are all like prefabricated...They dress the same, they speak the same, they make the same gestures...I with the others Well, I see it the same... I mean, I saw a talk they gave that was, you have to make an angry face, do like this... I mean, it's like a lobotomization course, to make everyone the same... .So it is a fashion, it is a fashion and it is very clear... They do not care about sustainability, because sustainability is global... If Spain stops producing one thing and it is produced, Coca-cola here for example, stop producing one thing and three times as much is produced in China, the same Company, there is no sustainability whatsoever... In other words, the problem is going to get worse... And that's how it is with all these ridiculous fashions.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:35:11.220000 to 00:35:51.930000 Interviewer says: \"Yes, just like that... And what bothers me is when, apart from following the same Pattern and the same clothing as I say...Please, don't make gestures...Yes, everything...But now, what bothers me the most is all the noise they try to make...I mean, you're vegan, okay... .Why do you put it in the biography of all your social networks? I hate that you are vegan... I mean, why? Why? But hey, getting away from that topic a little, something that I really liked about Your Speech is the defense of the flag, Damn, because for me this is pure common sense... practically the fact that you have a flag of Spain, which is your country...\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:35:56.490000 to 00:36:44.680000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I mean, absolutely everything, even the name... I mean, more country is called more country... What country is that?\" It's embarrassing...They do an act, Rajon once did an act and told a guy to Boycott him. Long live Spain! And he said Viva! But he spent half an hour justifying it, it was very unfortunate for me because he said Viva !.Me in a meeting, they have done it to me before, they say to me 'Long live Spain!' and I say 'Long live!' And I continue...Because I have no reason to be ashamed, I am from here...O with history, or with things, I don't know, I'm a historian... And also, the periods that I like the most are mine, which is contemporary, which is republic, etc., that period, and then I I like the era of the Tercios...So I go to many Tercios talks, I give lectures about it, I write about it too, and people call me a fascist...And it's like, fascism didn't exist at that time. ..I mean, in the time of the Tercios there was no fascism...It doesn't make any sense.\"\n\nFrom time 00:36:04.590000 to 00:36:04.590000 Interviewer says: \"They are ashamed.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:36:49.910000 to 00:37:25.910000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"everything is criminalized...We also use the republican flag in our actions, because it is a flag of Spain...But for example, when people It comes with the normal red dress, well, they come... I mean, I want to tell you, I don't care, it's not an offense, because people feel Spanish, they grew up here, it's the flag they grew up with, And what are you going to do? Well, that's it, nothing happens... You accept it and that's it... And that's what everyone should do, because it makes no sense to attack your own country... It's like people He plays the national team, right? And you see a lot of Spaniards like, come on, France... And it's like, are you going with France? I mean, it's gotten to the point where it seems like a meme... That is, they hate their team, they hate their country, they hate their history, they hate their traditions, they hate their culture... And I think that comes a lot from the United States.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:37:28.970000 to 00:38:32.970000 Interviewer says: \"Yes, I think they continue, in the end they follow the play we were talking about before, they follow it blindfolded, literally... .And they are so easy to fool...The other day I was here, I think you did something with him on your channel, Bertrand, from Vox, for example, and I was talking to him about something that I say, is that it is totally true to say, well for example, \u00cd\u00f1igo de Rej\u00f3n, you see it, the clothes they wear, you see it as the message of trying to sell grief, what you said about the Gestures, it's a bit like everything is studied...And I say Every time I go out for a walk, every now and then I see you eating enarde, that there in the retreat, I don't know, they give 100,200 bucks, I don't know, I've never eaten there, but I say, come on... And After all you're missing is a hole here on your shirt, you know? And the clothes, everything, the non-verbal language... And in the end with that, I think it ends up being enough to deceive a large part of the population... So, I suppose that with your message when addressing the population, you appeal to what? To common sense, to situations.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:38:39.120000 to 00:41:56.490000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"And I believe that it is something that unites many people...And yet, look, they criticize me a lot, for example, for the forms, right? I'm a very guy...Well, for example, feminist people would say about toxic masculinity, about a Big Guy, that if he has to say things, he says them, with strong, serious gestures... I mean, I'm a person who doesn't fit in a little with how they do politics...People tell me, right? You should be a different way...And I say, I don't play a role... People tell me, no, but a professional politician, I don't want to be a professional politician... I don't play a role, I do like that... And of course, they are like everyone else... You see them and they all They are like cut a little from the same cloth, right? Typical spokesperson, assimilable, by the majority of people... And to me, we don't like that... And when I appeal, especially with the front, we focus on several things...When you put them in they say, no, but what about your specific measure about I don't know what...And it's like, look, most politicians talk about measures that never work to Apply, because they do not have the capacity to govern, nor will they have it, at least in the medium or long term...And what they do is like making fun of people to get votes...We are going to focus on five very clear things...One is revolutionary patriotism...Which is precisely to call for the homeland and merge it with the workers' struggle...The second is to defend that struggle...It cannot be that the unions have been doing nothing a strike and doing nothing when there are problems. And support labor reforms, that even the liberals agree with Her, so that they can see the class character that it has... That reform has to go to France, take photos because they are going to raise the retirement age, and we have to go on strike...And then here in Spain they raise it and do nothing...There are subsidized unions, for me state-run, and which have absolutely no struggle...We want rebuild a unionism that defends the interests of the Workers, and that is not like the union programs that talk about environmentalism, feminism, Deconstruction, workshops of I don't know what, because we don't care... Those don't matter. These are problems that affect workers...These unions have fewer and fewer members...Another issue is the issue of immigration and the immigration model...We must change the immigration model immediately so as not to become like France. ..And the other two are the fight against partitocracy, what we have said from the left and the right, that we think that the regime itself has no possible salvation, the one here, because it changes the problems we have and something new is needed ...A constituent process to do something new and that we are not living with the Constitution that our parents' generation approved or more...And then, finally, a bitter fight against guoquismo, against globalism, as You want to Call, because we consider that we must throw them out of spaces that they themselves are already beginning to abandon. And that in countries like France or Germany, where the Communist Party won before, Le Pen or Alternative for Germany wins...And that It is a symptom that they have abandoned any reference or any proposal for a Resolution of the problems that affect workers...And we are going to focus on those five things...Everything else for us is secondary...That It's what's important. We do not have a program on the Internet, we have a summarized program as well, but that is what we are going to focus on... I am not saying, I am not talking about measures that yes, someday we will do... No, no, I am talking about what we are going to do now...Next week we are doing this now...I don't know if you have seen it...No...Well, we dropped a tarp and it came out denouncing what Morocco is doing in Spain .and Mohamed Sesto and Pedro S\u00e1nchez come out kissing...And of course, they have threatened us with death, they have called us to carry out attacks, they have denounced us, they have attacked the canvas...The threats.\"\n\nFrom time 00:41:39.700000 to 00:41:39.700000 Interviewer says: \"No.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:42:01.250000 to 00:42:41.250000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"But individuals...No, no, in front...Yes, yes, individuals...I was showing at T\u00f3piq in Algeria, of course, because the Algerians have taken the opportunity to laugh... And nothing, they try to attack us in places... What happens is that we are not very impressionable because we already have the Duras hosts from the time of Syria and all that, that the Turks also in that sense are giving more Taking, because it doesn't matter to us a little...But it is simply to set an example so that people see that it is not the same...I mean, right now I can go out here and They can do to me I don't know what, but I don't care... I mean, we are people, we are tough people and we promote people to be like that... And given the difficulty of what we have to do is grow, not become small and say that you have anxiety...When you have it, I think you have to crack your fists, get out of the problem, and then later the rest will be solved...Of course.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:42:47.920000 to 00:42:47.920000 Interviewer says: \"So, do you think that difficult times are coming and that it will be difficult for them to navigate those seas?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:42:55.870000 to 00:47:39.870000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"And I think it will be very related to what is happening in France...And I think that the people here, from Spain, are not prepared right now at any level to face what is going to happen... In fact, in the places it is a different problem, for example, that of the gangs... But in El Salvador, Bukele, for example, he has It has been proven that if war is really declared on certain issues, it can be solved... But it has been a country at war, that is, to be able to achieve it... And times like this are coming, very complicated times are coming... And there are going to be two options...One, dissolve and be something new...Or another, grab the bull by the fists and fight for what we are...And we are preparing for that option, because I believe What is going to happen...In fact, in France I think it will happen sooner than here...And I think...Of course, people say, no, but that is the end...I I don't think so, because I think... I've tried to look for the origin of the phrase, but I can't find it, the one about... many people say it, right? That difficult times make tough men... Yes, the cycle... Yes, yes, and I think it will be like that... I mean, I think we are going to a very complicated situation... That this situation comes in all things from the weakness that has been fostered...Because I believe that in other times this would not have been allowed...I mean, there are certain things that I believe would not have been allowed...People would have went out into the streets and it would not have been allowed...And I think that from there people will come out who will be hardened by what is going to happen...And who will face this...And we are working to create people like that... When the kids approach us, for example, we have a very strong youthful attachment, it is the strongest thing we have... That is a sign of the future... When people come, we encourage people to train, for people to Study...That people finish...Of course, because many people sometimes come from certain neighborhoods or from Problems. People don't want to study nor do they want to do anything...And we tell people that they have to be productive ...And you have to get training...Because a person, if he has skills, can contribute a lot to the collective...If a person doesn't know how to do anything, he can't contribute anything...You can be a lot of people, but in reality it is worth nothing...So first you have to build yourself and then contribute to others...Because if not you are like something parasitic on the group...And I think it is a way of seeing the community , especially organizations, is wrong...What you have to do is train people...That people give you critical capacity, that people are intelligent, that people are trained...Because most of the What organizations do is have lobotomized people, who know a lot about the manuals that repeat things, but they are not critical...Because they do not want anyone to be critical of what they do...But for us it is the other way around. And people can go wrong, obviously... But for every one that goes well like this, 20 people could go wrong, if they want... I wouldn't care, it would be a success, which is not the case... But it would be a success . Because we want to train people with capacity...And I, there are many kids who have entered into our things...They have already entered because they came from being odogified, from being alcoholics...Very young people, eh? And over the years they have ended up taking careers, taking modules, training, competing in boxing things, things like that, in weight lifting... We encourage people to develop... And for people to have capabilities to be able to contribute to the collective...Because if not, we would be like many organizations that have very weak, very fragile people, who are not prepared for any complication...You keep in mind, I am going to Barcelona, \u200b\u200bfor example...And a mob of people comes to shout at me, to try to hit us...We're going to Seville or wherever. People come with helmets, with sticks to hit... That happens. There is a position of ours and they come to burst our position... That happens to us constantly... So what happens? That we need people who can face that... It is no longer just about facing it physically, but facing it psychologically, that it is a pressure... So we go with our own order service. We have super prepared people...Why? Because we have forged ourselves in the difficulty that before things happened to us, and now we do not allow them to happen... And I think it is a very appropriate mentality when creating an Organizational structure that can be used for something in the future. .And I think it is a question of values...And that above all...People tell me, no, you are very medieval, but there are things like having honor, having a word...These are things What do they say, no, but that has nothing to do with it. Well, I think so... Because a person without words, what differentiates us from an animal? I'm really telling you... I mean, I try to encourage people with that type of things... Companionship, that is, certain things that in society are very devalued and that I believe don't have to be like this...For example, in many left-wing groups, not being competitive is encouraged, right? You are not competitive, that is, competitive in the sense that it affects you to become a monster for yourself, no, but... Being hungry... In the sense, yes, of wanting to improve yourself, of wanting to have goals ...If you don't have that, you're not going to move forward...There are people who tell me, no, because you have a very entrepreneurial mentality...And it's true...But because A person, regardless of society, of conditions, has to try to make oneself... Because if not, in reality, you will never be well... Because you are not going towards what you want... And that is for politics and for everything.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:43:48.390000 to 00:48:23.160000 Interviewer says: \"Many people say that, right? It's super paradoxical to talk to you, really...I know this hits us hard, but it's what I think about true...And I had not heard this part of your message specifically, but I really congratulate you because it seems to me...I mean, it seems to me that it is something so simple, so basic, but at the same time so important and so fundamental for a person, the fact of being useful, of having your own criteria, of being a little critical, of taking care of what you put in your Body, what you do with it, how you develop it... These are the bases, really... \"I see a lot of people looking for the magic formula and I say, hey, these are the four pillars, what you said, the preparation you try to give to young people, do I understand? I'm going to call you bad.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:48:24.590000 to 00:50:18.590000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"When I talk about the militant culture, at the level of culture of how any person should be from my point of view, I talk about the denial, the sacrifice, of discipline, of study, of training... In other words, they are things that strengthen you... I give you the example of what happened in prison... I, for example, came out a new man. Why? Because I trained every day, three hours... And the rest I dedicated myself to reading and doing things, and thinking and reflecting... To put together, reflect, that is, put everything aside, which only now also, do I let the cell phone, I leave things and I start to think... I start to think about what I'm going to do, what I want, I start to think... People don't do that, they don't stop to think... They are Like with Tiktok, almost all day, a video, video, video, video... And you turn off and say, what is the first video you've seen? He doesn't even know... He's just using and he's totally addicted. ...It's okay to use networks, it's okay to use technologies, it's okay to use everything, but let it be an instrument for you to grow, right? Not something that destroys you, that you have an unhealthy dependency... And that happens with alcohol. I don't drink alcohol, for example... And there are people who think it's okay that if they want to drink, they can do whatever they want, but I, for example, don't... But I'm against people being addicted. , that people are alcoholics, that people have a dependency and destroy their lives... At the level of youth, especially since the current outlook is so similar, we encourage people not to do those things. ..And people tell us, no, it's just that I am a fascist and I... It's not true... It's that the things I'm talking about are about honor, about personal matters, right? Because, of course, people say, no, it's just that you have become with the order and that, but the thing is that a person who has no order in his life and who functions in an anarchic and destructive way, is not going to be able to contribute to nobody...Because if you are destroyed inside, how are you going to contribute to Nobody? not to family, not to friend, not to girlfriend, not to children, not to anything, you cannot contribute...We have to make people healthy...I believe that what society encourages right now is not that It's quite the opposite...And this is not about ideologies. I mean, this is, for me, having half a brain... I mean, people can later criticize me for my ideology, for whatever they want... But what I'm saying, well, you might like it or not, but it's something that many people who don't have my ideology tell me, because I like what you say. \"It has nothing to do with ideology...It's like a way of understanding personal development.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:50:23.330000 to 00:50:28.330000 Interviewer says: \"Well, look, I consider myself an entrepreneur by nature and the truth is that the message is very linked...I would like to know at what point you break with the figure of entrepreneur, for example, or businessman.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:50:38.890000 to 00:51:06.890000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"in the order of ideal society that would be for me, that is, I believe that it does break there...Because, for example, I I am very entrepreneurial, but I, the entrepreneur that I am, apart from my personal development of survival, etc., is also to contribute to the collective... And I believe that people who are very entrepreneurial and very good at entrepreneurship focus more on themselves...And in making money and rising. And that is their objective...And I think I have a different objective and as more of a society...And I think that is where we differ.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:51:10.440000 to 00:51:14.440000 Interviewer says: \"In other words, you prioritize, let's say, the community before the individual...I think that's the point.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:51:18.970000 to 00:52:41.150000 Interviewer says: \"Of course...Hey, and a question...I mean, from your situation, let's say that you are a person who prioritizes collective in a society or in an Environment, where each one prioritizes their individual situation, their family, etc...Also, therefore, you begin to prioritize your individual situation...I mean, I guess if you can buy, what do I know? \"If you had the option to save and buy properties to own for your assets, for your children, you would do it, wouldn't you?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:51:19.080000 to 00:52:09.080000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Of course...But I think that for the collective you also have to be an entrepreneur in the sense of building...There are many people who They like to get a job, for example, they stay there and that's it... And I think it's a mentality that they also get that, Damn, you also have to know how to move and know how to progress in order to... I, for example, I want to have children. I have a girlfriend and I want to have children...I have to build something there to be able to have it...I can't dedicate myself to having a dependency and waiting to see if I get lucky and it goes well...No, No, I have a personal goal, I will have to achieve it... Then I ask other questions that we do differ on that... But in the construction of my family, for example, I will also have to look for the good of myself family...But my family is not something individual...There are also many people who think, no, that is individual...If it is a family, it is not individual...It is a small community \"But it's not something individual...And there are people who also call me reactionary for this,\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:52:44.970000 to 00:54:48.530000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I could have prospered much more economically. If I focused on myself than if I focused on what I am doing... But me, for example, well No, obviously, for my own ideological reasons, I will not dedicate myself to speculating or doing any of those things, but I am a person who writes, I sell my books, I produce things... I am a guy who does what does have value...Of course...There are many people who criticize me, no, it's just that you're like something...No, the problem is that you don't produce any value when you do things.or you don't do things nothing and I am a person who what I do generates value...I am people whose heads explode, but that's what I'm telling you, we have to train people. If people had... I just believe that injustice is there because it is not encouraged, that people are trained and that there are people in certain environments who do not have the opportunity or have it too difficult... And I believe that what needs to be done is to encourage people have Capabilities, but teaching right now, and I'm telling you, I'm in a Doctorate program, doesn't encourage that, doesn't encourage that... In fact, most people, for example, from My career wants to be a teacher, and I want to be a civil servant... the way it is focused right now is not very productive, because we have a state that is ultra bureaucratized, there is... I don't know, when I see the things of the Administration, it works above all in a terrible way, and I think that it can be optimized even with fewer people. and promote work in another way, even from the state... And I think that what is done is create dependencies because in this way, like clientelist networks, and it depends on whoever is there, I believe that they get votes, they get influence and they get certain things... Because of course, the Pac thing too, I mean, I in my ideal society, obviously not even in the Ideal law, I, for example, I would Socialize the statistical sectors, that is, I would nationalize them so that people Understand me, there are things that I would make radical changes, but the thing is... No, it is that more state and more bureaucracy is better... Well It depends on who dominates the state, it depends on what for, it depends on whether it is effective... It is just that to think that everything that has to do with state intervention has to be something, that has losses, that is super bureaucratic, that is like a herial, I think it is a mistake... That is, although there have been historical examples that have gone wrong, I think that this mentality is already like a failure, it is already admitted that that does not work and I believe that that It's a mistake too.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:54:56.260000 to 00:55:03.260000 Interviewer says: \"I mean, I can still see your final photo, ideal, but the transition, how do you imagine it? Because, I mean, today it is a reality. That the only profitable company is the Lottery, right? One of the public ones, then...\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:55:09.840000 to 00:58:22.050000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I believe that now what matters is the recovery of national sovereignty...Because any measure we want to take, for example, with immigration, the borders, etc., without national sovereignty we cannot change it, nor develop the industry, nor re-technize the field and make that start to work... I mean, I think that is the main thing... And people say Anyone would say that measure, not a stir... Well, okay, congratulations, but I think it's what is needed... And I think that then there is a deficit, when it comes to... Even from a point of view of democratism, of Democracy, I think there is a deficit, the way things are, that people do not really participate in things. And then, in addition, important things are not voted on... People are always talking about Referendum, But there has not been a referendum on the Migratory model, there has not been a referendum to destroy our industry, there has not been a referendum to leave land without production in Andalusia. And we buy it from Morocco or the relations with Morocco. ...That has not been voted on anywhere... So, I believe that that is why there has to be a Constituent change... so that there is a new constitution that really solves certain problems... For example, the issue of the independentistas. ...Here in Spain the electoral laws favor this being the case...I understand when they did it. That is, when they did it and the Communist Party was annulled... Why? Because it could be a danger in the year 75, 76, well, in 75 later... Okay, but that is no longer a danger... Now, people who get fewer votes than PACMA are deciding or may even have the key to the government...That cannot be. It can't be... It's just something that no longer provides a solution to the problems that exist... That's why I often criticize Vox and Podemos, saying that yes, they are coming to change I don't know what, but they are in every situation. autonomous governments that can...Well, now it's going to be their sea...And then they don't...I don't see them saying, no, it's that we have to remove the constitution.and we have to carry out a process in which everyone participate in something new...I don't see them doing that...On the contrary, Podemos released a document that was like their program with the Constitution...Okay, Vox with the issue of the monarchy and all of this the same. ..In fact, with the campaign against Mohamed Vi, as it is monarchy with monarchy, we have overtaken them on all sides... And I think that in that sense you can see it, right? There you can see that, although both want to make small changes, both, that is, both parties, even if they are in opposite directions, I see that deep down it is like the parties are a crutch for the big ones...And I speak this by far...I'm going to say one thing that people go crazy, but I, for example, speak to people who are deputies of Podemos or who have been deputies, because I know them from when I I was a kid, and we were all in the communist youth... So yes, there are a lot of people who hate me, whatever you want, but to a guy that you've known for 25 or 20 years, because you keep talking to him and There they talk to me and tell me things. And I have... and with people from Vox too, and I tell them... And the answer is now, but that way at least we do something... that is, I would like what you say about the Pac...No, I would like...I know people in Vox who are very anti-bullfighting...I know people from Vox who, with the issue of Immigration, think that The measures that we say are much more precise. And we touch on the issue in a more general way as well... They are never going to say it publicly... To me there are people who are now at sea, but people who have been deputies from here, from Madrid, from the community... And to me there are things that we do, for example, about the Workers' struggle, the unions and things that we do that they tell me, screw it, they are very right about this ...But they will never say why? Because they take away from them...Because they take away from them.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:58:19.830000 to 00:58:23.220000 Interviewer says: \"But they will never say it, because they are taken away...And now that you mentioned it, at the immigration level, what is the proposal?\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:58:28.370000 to 00:59:04.370000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"In fact I have a book...A summary...If you're not going to see it, I'll bring it to you...But hey, one day Let it go through court, I'll bring it to you if you want... First of all, there is a question of conception... That is, the problem is not immigration itself nor the immigrant itself... Which I believe is It is a mistake to criminalize the person. And it is a mistake to think that immigration can be eradicated in a magical way... There has been immigration before, there has been immigration now, there will be immigration in the future... The issue is massiveness. ...That is the problem we have here...And people say, no, but what about when it is decided when there are more people that the country can receive? Well, I believe that there are some very clear symptoms...The \"The first thing is that unemployment is no longer just national, but that the immigrant population has significant unemployment.\"\n\nFrom instant 00:58:29.810000 to 00:58:30.810000 Interviewer says: \"A summary...If you're not going to see it, I'll bring it to you.\"\n\nFrom the moment 00:59:10.920000 to 01:01:34.190000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"I think it also shows that there are very precarious jobs, that there are people who are not willing to take them...Why? Because they are conditions that Only someone who has absolutely nothing will accept...Recently there was a case in which some job offers came out in Andalusia that said they had no manpower...And one of the guys who wrote to me He said, hey, I asked how much money you make with this. And I have to move out of the city because I live in a house... He says, it costs me more to go there than what they pay me... Why? What? Because it is a job offer that is designed based on the shanty town next door to the site. And people who have nothing... Then the jobs are impoverished... Being a waiter when I was a child was a profession...There were people who were 60 years old, and they retired as waiters and it was a good job...Nowadays who works as waiters? When I walk around the places, they are mostly young immigrant people... Because ? Because they are the ones who are going to accept that now... As soon as they progress, those people are going to take other types of jobs... What's happening? They need more new people...So they bring them. There are people who are improving, obviously, because they make an effort, because there are people who make an effort, there are people who don't... But it is a continuum, it is a continuum... So it can't be that last year in the migratory saint. More than half a million people came...Why? Because if you do this in 10,15,20 years, what do we have left at the end? There is no longer Spain, it is something else... So a country has the capacity to assimilate people. And in Spain it is overwhelmed... That is, at the same time that there is unemployment in the immigrant population. and they begin to gather. in ghettos separated from society, but in Germany and other places they even impose Laws, such as Islamic law, even with Islamic police, which is like Co-Official, in the sense that it is allowed for internal affairs... That is a dystopia ...That happens in France and Germany...So that is a problem...That is a very serious problem. Because? Because starting an alternative reaction for Germany is about to be the first force in the polls... Why? Because people are fed up with this...And the left says, nothing is happening...The issue of the south, the southern border in reality, that is, there are many people who do a lot of demagoguery, there are parties that do a lot of demagoguery with this But the problem is not in the number of people who sneak through the strait, because there are tens of thousands in comparison to the half a million that I just told you that arrived last year... The number is much less people. . Even in illegal immigration, massive numbers of people come by plane... They come by plane, they come here, and then they are regularized over time... That should also be controlled... The problem in the south is security, you don't know who is coming... Because there are people who are not Huya, who are political refugees, but who are perhaps a rapist, and who comes here, who tears up the Papers, who arrives here, I am nobody and then here they do their things. \"\n\nFrom instant 01:00:47.610000 to 01:00:47.610000 Interviewer says: \"That happens in France and Germany.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:01:37.870000 to 01:05:41.200000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"people who do not know who is coming, because there is no control...And that is a problem. The people who come by plane do know who they are. ..But the people who come on that boat will be people who come to work and that is very good, but it doesn't seem right to me that they come like that...I think they should be deported, because everyone can come here, so The country does not make any sense...A country that does not control its borders is dissolved...I believe that the border must be controlled, that this can be done with police and staff, and we must put an end to the call effect. ...How is that done? Like in Australia. What Australia did was set up a port, which is where they take the army, when people come with the Mafias, they take the army out to sea, they have control, like a blockade. ..In other words, when the boat or boat arrives, they catch it, they take the immigrants down, they take them to the safe port, from there they send them directly to their country, that is, the success rate now of getting there is zero, to the gangsters. They put them in jail, and they sink their boats... What's happening? That in the first years there were many interventions, but a mafia is a company... It's like a company, they don't get tired, they don't make money... So, if they don't make money, then they start doing something else. ...There are no deaths in the sea, and in the Mediterranean they do not stop dying... What is human? Put an end to the mafia and put an end to that, or the NGO's discourse is... no, it's that everyone has a place here. and that they continue dying at sea... I think that what happened in Australia, and that's what What I propose here. Well, there are a lot more people today, not just me, but this is one thing: as soon as you say it, you're a Nazi... So you have to be careful, it doesn't matter to me, I'm cured of I'm scared... I say what I think, and if you like it, and if you don't, then let them lynch me, it doesn't matter to me... Regarding the visas, we have to stop giving out so many visas, it can't be that they come. In that Balance, more than half a million a year is not normal... And then what we have to do is encourage Jobs to have decent conditions and make sure that the youth who are unemployed and the three million of unemployed people that we have, so keep adding to them...Obviously I'm going to tell you one thing, if we have been with suicidal immigration policies since '97, 20-something years, this started with Anar, that's why I say about the left and the Right, it's worthless here... And with Natality, exactly the same, what's happening? Obviously, when we take measures to solve it, there will be a withdrawal at the population level and at all levels, that is, that will happen... But of course, to solve it, it has to be like that, they also told Bukele, no, but if this happens, the violence will increase. And it increased, but then it ended... So, what matters to me is solving the problem. This whole Left says, no, it's that we have to decrease, they say it, we have to decrease at all levels. Well, if you like Degrowth so much, why can't we decrease for a few years while we make birth control measures, a different Migration policy and Integration policy than what is already here? Because there are people from here who will obviously have to leave, and then there will be people who will have to be encouraged to be able to integrate for normal functioning... which I propose, putting an end to that Massivity. to grow in an orderly way. and then Later, when those plans are working, they will grow again... That is, I am not referring to Malthusianism, but it is an objective question: if you have had a suicidal policy for almost 30 years, fixing it is complicated. It's not a magical thing. That is to say, if Bukele comes to power tomorrow and puts an end to illegal immigration, I don't know that they will succeed. They arrive, they win the elections here. A few years, they put an end to Illegal immigration. And half a million people continue to come a year... there will be more feedback... So these are things that must be taken into account. Keep in mind that they will dodastic measures must be taken...And I tell you that the most important thing for Me is to avoid the ghettos that already exist...How? Breaking up those ghettos...And if the police have to come in and people have to be separated for the Nordic countries, it seems that everyone can take measures except us...And what they do is, for For example, 30% of the maximum immigrant population in a city, for example. If there are more people, they go to the next city. They can't all be together. Because ? Because if there is not something homogeneous to integrate or assimilate, what they do is feed themselves and they will never integrate... In areas where, for example, in France, there are 70% of people of Origin \"immigrant who has not integrated over the years, how are they going to integrate into the 30% that remains, who probably also have a very high average age... It is impossible.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:05:42.920000 until 01:05:44.920000 Interviewer says: \"to congregate too...Of course. In all places\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:05:47.920000 to 01:07:23.500000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"something must be done now with the issue of massiveness. But the thing is that Immigration is not illegal, it is the model... Because The legal immigration that comes from half a million a year is a problem. And the issue of nationalities, of giving nationality to people who, for example, do not even speak Spanish, that is a problem. In fact, since 2010 There are more than a million and a half nationalities. That is outrageous for a country. It is outrageous... So, we have to take... My objective with the book is to put the immigration issue at the center of the .debate and debate about it...That is the objective. In other words, more than about measures that I am also talking about, I am talking about analysis of the phenomenon as it is now and why we have arrived here and the policies that They are done now...And it is a serious problem. Look if it is Serious. That the UN or other countries. To calculate, for example, how many immigrants there are in a country, they calculate it based on the people who do not He was born in the country...it's not done that way. That is to say, all people who have nationality are not counted as immigrants. We say that if it's not racist, that's it, but it's unreal. In Spain there is no less than 12% immigration. In Spain, we are already on the 16th. Only with those born outside. Because, of course, the people who are born here and raised in a ghetto and don't relate to anything, those people who were born here are Spanish. If you don't have Spanish culture, you are not Spanish. The thing is, we have to start from that base. I don't care about the color of your skin, it doesn't matter exactly the same to me... But it's a cultural issue, it's an ethnic issue. The thing is, if you grew up apart and don't have Our culture, you don't function the way our society works, you're not really from here. I'm not saying that I can't live here, but why give nationality to people who are not from here? In other words, it's like despising being Spanish, like everyone can be Spanish. And that's a\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:07:26.500000 to 01:07:40.500000 Interviewer says: \"The imbalance also at the economic, fiscal, health, and many levels is tremendous... Then, within your party, the Proposal. economic, how do they set it up, how do they present it?\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:07:43.500000 to 01:10:17.500000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"as I told you, we are leaving because we have no intention of governing or entering any government. In other words, if we get a representative we will go. to war there. We have the approach that we have told you, because that is what we are going to do. I mean, I really believe that there are priorities and economically and you can say my vision of what I think I would do. A Purification of how everything State is, because I think it is very inoperative... Not in the sense that the State must be eliminated, of course, I don't think that, but I do believe that it should work. In another way, even at the level of the self-employed, for example, the issue of quotas, of paying for work, of the current sections, that some are very unfair and that make people do it. It's really bad. That is, we would ask many questions to optimize what there is. That would be the first. The second would be to put an end to the issue of sovereignty with economic dependencies with other countries, which is another. Serious problem that we have, especially with the European Union, that yes, money arrives, although less and less arrives and in the end we will have to pay much more ourselves than what we receive... But I don't think that is either. for a...That does not work, it is no longer an optimal development. Obviously at the Labor level, we are always going to promote Measures, whatever they are, and carry out a labor reform, which is in favor of the Workers, not like what there is now and not doing what Yolanda.de does, it is that There is less and less unemployment than ever and there are the Fixed.discontinuous ones which is how I send you half a Year to unemployment and it is a Gigantic amount of people. I mean, in that sense I'm sure, but we don't have one... How can I say it, if we have the economic plan, it's set in motion. Internet, in the Political program, which is not electoral, but we think that right now, in Concrete, it is not something that we can change or develop... So when we have the Congress, in the middle of the year we It comes before the Europeans, yes we will do a deeper Development in that sense, but keep in mind that we are like a party in movements, we have started with a Legal Imperative in construction. We...before we were like Pro Committee,. Pro Frente Obrero, because we were there to create it and we in Congress had it a year or so ago. I mean, actually, we are very new. We have been there for two years in total, two and a half years, three, but we are really starting to get going. So it is evident that we are not going to have, what I said before the measures, concrete measures for everything... But come on, what I can say is that people say, no, they are going to implement Communism. tomorrow . No, that is real Because, even in the Workers' Front, the majority of the People are not... But the overwhelming majority of the People are not communists or anything... In other words, they are people who care \"for your country, which obviously has a perspective in favor of the workers.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:10:19.370000 to 01:10:21.370000 Interviewer says: \"That's a slightly more personal perspective of yours. The topic of communism. Ah, okay, I didn't know.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:10:21.840000 until 01:11:11.840000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"Ah, okay, I didn't know...But the Front doesn't. The Front...what it bets on is...well, well, for a...how to say it ,a.launch,a National reconstruction.and precisely.with popular sovereignty to Take.the measures that we need at all Levels.economic,Political,dependency,Immigration,absolutely everything. But that is,we are a organization.under construction and that.we do not deceive people. That is to say, when we say.we are going to focus on this, that is what we are going to do. And we have already said that the rest of things.lo We are going to put it in a secondary place...But as I said, one of the points is the fight for the defense of interests. Because many people say about Rights, I think that is Insufficient for Interests. of the workers. Which I believe that. Sumari these people do not do, because for them the oppressed subjects are others, not the workers.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:11:16.460000 to 01:11:18.460000 Interviewer says: \"by the way if you don't have clear pillars. Let's defend this.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:11:19.390000 to 01:11:23.390000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"What I'm saying, you see us anywhere or whatever and you're going to say, it's the same thing...Well, I don't deceive anyone. nobody .\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:11:26.350000 to 01:11:50.350000 Interviewer says: \"And then I was left wanting a little bit to see more of what you are like on a personal level, whether it was the best of the match, of .the topic of companies and so on...Okay, because you said something that caught my attention, that for example you sell books.and you say of course, but this is the result of.my work. So where do you believe it? friction. I really understand what it is when an individual becomes very rich without working.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:11:53.350000 to 01:12:37.350000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"it would be foreign to me. But Well, for me, the Workers' Front, for example, also aspires to win over the self-employed and defend their interests, Even the small neighborhood businessman, etc., we are also going to defend his interests against the oligarchy and against the big companies. So of course, it is not the same... I know that this shocks people, but They elected me as president, because I'm a guy with drive, I'm a guy with charisma, so I'm very useful for this, but I say again that what the Front defends is what appears in the program. ..I can defend.on a personal level. I will not know.anymore in places defending Things.that are not the Front. I don't know that they ask me.for my personal opinion,But.not us...the Workers' Front. does not aspire Now.a...\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:12:40.640000 to 01:13:36.640000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"There are people there who do, who consider that the program that for us is Minimum is good for the country and for the workers, but It's that we are in that dynamic...And we are working on the construction of the Front now...We consider that the other thing is like playing with imaginary things...It's unreal...It's unreal, I'm going to say one thing a bit controversial now, but what the communist movement is is dead.at a global level...What there is now is low-woke or parties that are in absolute decomposition...It is something that is quite dead... Just as I consider that what the fascist movements were, etc... I think they are quite dead too... So, moving through dichotomies of... no, this is really, that they always try to do that... I'm that I have gotten rid of moving around labels, etc... I prefer to do things that I really consider are on the path of what I see as an optimal society. And that's what I'm Working on. on the Front and that's why I'm on the Front, otherwise I wouldn't be, I'd be somewhere else.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:12:40.940000 to 01:12:40.940000 Interviewer says: \"No, no, he is not a communist.\"\n\nFrom time 01:13:38.420000 to 01:14:16.420000 Interviewer says: \"I see that you have a very down-to-earth approach right now...Because I saw a fragment, for example, of the debate you had in the podcast by Jordi Wild.with Juan Ram\u00f3n Rayo...And of course, on both sides I saw situations as very idealistic to say, both on the part of Juan Ram\u00f3n, from Algo.extremely liberal that, at least I can't imagine. that could.happen in the.short or medium term...And also the communist.System that you propose as ideal.I also think that, as you were saying, you are something.very difficult to...\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:14:16.720000 to 01:17:07.130000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"...The material conditions are important...There are many people who talk about no, the Revolution, and the Revolution is What? in your imaginary house... It's unreal. And they asked us both to do that debate... It's a more ideological and more intellectual question in the sense of what our ideal model of life would be. issues...But I tell you, I am focused on what I have said...With the Front I am not calling for the Socialist Revolution because it is stupid...It is like calling Something.in the phase current, with the Current conditions. imaginary. That is why I dedicate myself to Building. something that for me is minimal, but that I consider that if we achieved it it would be. something very revolutionary... And so I am focused on that... And People sometimes point at me and say, no, you're a traitor... Yes, but you're talking about non-binary bathrooms. That's not the Revolution either. And that's what. That's what I mean. dedicate those people. So I, it's like all the geek stuff, I've kind of separated myself from it... The Red Geek thing, which to me seems, sorry I'm going to say it, like a bit of a wanker. It's something that I don't see the point in and I'm a person who, my thesis is about the Republic of the Civil War... That is, I do study and read about it, but precisely how I study about it. It seems like a lack of respect to me to do what other real people do. I believe that I am coherent with the reality that exists and with what I can do with the reality that exists. And I think that. Look, I'm going to give a historical example if I. When talking about the Bolsheviks. etc... One of the slogans with which they became. great was peace, bread. Fuck, it's not a slogan that you say. .but of course the material conditions they had and which were much better than those now in the sense of the politicization of the people, the capacity for mobilization was that...Even those people knew how to adapt at the time. ...And that is what the majority of communist people do. Now what they do is. Like copy the ascending era of the revolution of that era that has already passed. That cycle, all of that has already passed and they try. How copy, bring it now, and then mix it with the Woke... And a mutant monstrosity emerges for Me. Of course it is. a parody, so you don't get close to anyone. To me there are a lot of very old people, with very different appearances, but I'm talking to you now about people who were like communists, but the communist is of course 80 years old now. I want to tell you people who have lived. And they tell me, screw whatever you're doing. This is what you have to do now because. And they tell me those things and When. A modern 20-year-old comes to me who. He hasn't done anything in his life. Life tells me. No, no, they are traitors because I don't know what it is like. Retire, that is, respect yourself a little. And let us do it because. The important thing is to do things. And do those things for the benefit of what you believe and believe. \"I have to be authorizing imaginary things right now.\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:17:10.930000 to 01:17:12.930000 Interviewer says: \"it is imaginary, it is smoke, it is in the Air. Everything is floating and\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:17:14.770000 to 01:17:40.770000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"and I was like that before, when I have been in the military for 20 years, well 21.21 years and I am 37 years old and I have been in the military for 21 years, that is. I have been in communist groups all my life and I was always leaving. And I was moving away because I saw that it is. unreal and they are the same. 10,15 people because they are not. repeating the same errors. cyclically and I said. Of course I am a very critical person, that is the problem. So since I don't follow Packs I said Out. I'm leaving, I want to do something coherent.\"\n\nFrom moment 01:17:44.330000 to 01:17:50.330000 Interviewer says: \"hey before closing the podcast if you want. Comment a little about where they can find you. I don't know if you are active on Twitch. Or something if you do live\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:17:51.940000 to 01:18:09.940000 Roberto Vaquero says: \"in all the networks I am Roberto Vaquero. I do a lot of Youtube, especially and there where I put the News. from when I release books, Articles. when I do whatever and I do well. Twitch also because I adapt a lot to the Things of today because I think it is the way to reach People. tool and they can see me. on any social network, I am on All. in whichever they want\"\n\nFrom the moment 01:18:12.360000 to 01:18:16.360000 Interviewer says: \"I found it very coherent, very intelligent. The truth is that I liked the Conversation. It has been a pleasure\""