From the moment 00:00:00 until 00:00:07.760000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I come from the loosest, most radical left that anyone who sees us can imagine...And I believe that those years were wasted to the trash...I have heard Syria, the prison..."

From the moment 00:00:10.640000 to 00:00:12.160000 Interviewer says: "Where do you start? Because this is very broad, eh...Well, a very moviey summary."

From the moment 00:00:12.160000 to 00:00:18.880000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Well, a very funny summary... I am also from a nation that is called, well, it is called communist reconstruction at that time ...To go fight the Islamic State."

From the moment 00:00:20.320000 to 00:00:33.760000 Interviewer says: "You said fighting against the Islamic State and today in today's society, fighting can be putting...No, fighting with a rifle in front, yes, yes... So you weren't tweeting, you were in the trench... There were people, yes, who were in the trench... Would you say that a revolution is needed? Now those who rule, in many cases are people who claims to be a woman and who has displaced what could be called biological women."

From the moment 00:00:27.200000 to 00:01:04.320000 Roberto Vaquero says: "So you weren't tweeting, you were in the trench...There were people, yes, who were in the trench...Would you say what happened? Is there a revolution missing? And not only that, but they call them Terf, that is, worse than the Nazis, and they are going to hit them in places... We live in a dystopian situation in all areas... Immigration model , the question of women, the education of children by hyper-sexing them, putting horrible theories, from my point of view, into their heads...Weakness is being encouraged, there are people who are ashamed of being Spanish, there are people who are ashamed "If you're white, there are people who are ashamed of being otorosexual, there comes a time when it's ridiculous."

From the moment 00:01:07.680000 to 00:01:14.240000 Interviewer says: "Something that I really liked about your speech is the defense of the flag, Damn, because for me this is pure common sense...The social communists, Pedro Sánchez and Podemos, it makes me laugh, and the fascists that are everyone else."

From the moment 00:01:20 until 00:01:20 Roberto Vaquero says: "And there are no fascists or communists there, it's like a scam, they are laughing at the people."

From the moment 00:01:34.960000 to 00:03:02.480000 Interviewer says: "We are trying to make some electoral content, so that our listeners have a clear vision, you know? I see that the media, in the end, today Nowadays they are very manipulated... And we are trying to make some electoral content, so that our listeners have a clear vision, you know? In the end, today they are very manipulated, very biased... .And that the parties, whatever their type, do not normally have free space to express themselves calmly...Then I would like to talk to you about two things...On the one hand, about you, as a personal figure, and then about the game that You are representing, I also understand right now, right? And I must tell you that it seems to me, you know? That watching your game and, well, in particular your videos, what I have seen of you, it seems to me that it is quite fresh air in the face of what What was seen...I mean, I see that lately, during recent times, it is like the population buys packages, you know? If you are from the left, you have to defend this, this and this... And if you are from the right, you have to defend this and this and this... And it is like there is no criterion... And your party, in the end, It's like it's a little confusing... I guess it's difficult to position, left, right, it has features, right? So at least I know we'll disagree on some things...But at least it feels like fresh air to me, you know? I think Spanish politics already smells sharp, finally, right? Here in Spain there is the partitocracy and there are the games of the right axis, I don't know if you will ask me about that later or not."

From the moment 00:03:08.640000 to 00:03:54.240000 Roberto Vaquero says: "But it seems to me that it is like a game of puppets to deceive people...And deep down, although it seems that everything is very polarized and that they confront a lot, many times they defend essentially the same thing... And well, the Political Parliament is distributed by them, first of all for financing... Because since they have already been in power, they have the right, that is They have already had representation, they have the right to money, they have the right to more space, they have the right to many things that the parties that do not have representation or the new ones do not have... We have to collect signatures, for example, which is outrageous. ...We are going to appear in 51 constituencies out of 52, the only thing missing is Melilla... And of course, it is difficult to achieve. Then I see other parties that try and in such a short time it is impossible... So "They play with an absolute advantage and what they do is perpetuate a little of what there is...So it is very difficult to have fresh air because as soon as there is a little they close the window."

From the moment 00:03:57.360000 to 00:04:05.520000 Interviewer says: "Of course. And I suppose that continually from one side and the other they try to position you as left or right... Do you consider yourself, I suppose, outside of. ..? Yes, yes. I come from the most ultra-left and most radical left that anyone who sees us can imagine."

From the moment 00:04:11.840000 to 00:04:44.720000 Roberto Vaquero says: "And I believe that those years were thrown away and I was risking my life for things that in reality were not even my own interests...And I left there very renegade. And I don't defend either the left or the right...I think it's a dichotomy that is already out of date and that what there is is people dividing up both those who are from the left or the more Moderate right, as then their radical versions, that when things happen in the end they always end up joining with the big one...And we have broken with that...So some call us fascists, others call us communists, they call us everything, everyone, but they give us little the same...We want to build something different and we do want to be a bit of that fresh air that you were talking about."

From the moment 00:04:49.520000 to 00:06:10.120000 Interviewer says: "Of course. Before getting into the matter, I would like to send a message to the audience because you will have seen the other day we had Vascal here... We invited everyone. They were the first to come...Now you are here and well, if before the elections we manage to bring Psoe, Pp and whoever wants to come, then great on our part...But something What I didn't like at all with the subject of Vascal is the amount of Dms I have received from messages saying But how do you think of giving voice to this? Not only have they told me this with Vascal, but they tell me as well, well, we bring an aunt who says she's half a Martian...How do you think about giving her a voice? We bring anyone, any person...And I know they're going to tell me that with you too. Totally, totally...And I mean, the argument What they use is like it's dangerous...And I say, let's see, let's see what is dangerous is not listening to a little bit of everything and trying to extract what you consider to be positive from each of the arguments and have your own criteria and build your opinion, not buy what it said at the beginning of packages...Then I would invite the audience to listen without bias, to listen calmly to what you and anyone have to say and to build their own opinion, because that is what I They literally look like sheep...Everyone who is writing that to me. How do you think about giving it a voice? How can you think ? How can you think? Go fuck each other in the ass...I mean, I mean, you know, you understand what I'm saying, right? "There aren't many people who have that attitude when they do that to them, that honors you."

From the moment 00:06:14.040000 to 00:06:59.120000 Roberto Vaquero says: "There is like a dictatorship of political correctness and as soon as you leave that single thought of those dogmas, you are immediately the worst thing you can imagine. ..And I think it is one thing that shows that we are in a decadent society and that I think we should break with that...Enough of the fact that there has to be a message and any alternative that there may be must be shot...And I think it is a mistake... That is, in the case of Bascar in a party that has representation, well I understand that they call places to talk... For me, for example, when I go to Barcelona and Other sites tell me about demonstrations and try to hit me... I mean, it's a dystopia... It's a true dystopia because these are people who supposedly defend democracy, freedom of expression, etc., but immediately identify any hate speech as dangerous. thing in a critical way, because they don't really value what you say, but you're directly bad, you're dangerous, you're out, you can't have any space... Of course, yes, and besides, I'm not here to debate with Nobody, really."

From the moment 00:07:04.760000 to 00:08:11.240000 Interviewer says: "I come to listen to all points of view...I, for example, am a businessman, in fact I know that you have a more communist approach, I know You will be against what I do, but when I talk to you, I listen to your point of view, I will try to understand and also put myself in your place... And in the end, surely the conclusion will be that you are not right... I'm not right either, it's a matter of priorities...Maybe you prioritize the community...I prioritize...I'm more selfish, maybe, and it could be like that and that's it...But then we'll get into it in that...What I would like to start with is with your personal figure, with who Roberto Vaquero is, because they have told me a little bit of your story.and I think it's cool...It's like a bit of a movie ...It's like a movie...And after you are a figure that attracts attention, accustomed to the politicians we are seeing, well you see Íñigo Rejón. And after you seem like you came out of Mortal Kombat, well tell us a little that...Outside of politics I have heard Syria, prison...Where do you start? Because this is very broad...Well, a very moviey summary."

From the moment 00:07:49.920000 to 00:10:13.120000 Roberto Vaquero says: "It's like a movie...Well, a very moviey summary...If it's Syria, for example, we have always I have collaborated a lot with the Kurdish community...And Spain always has somewhat murky relations with Turkey, which is a country that for me is a dictatorship, but there will be people who will tell you that it is authoritarian, but hey, it is not a place where people can do whatever they want...So here there also began to be persecution of the Kurdish community here...So, well, we said, this is what we have to start organizing with them and we start working with them... They tapped my phones and everything in 2012-2013, simply for being with these people, for helping the people of the Kurdish community... When the Islamic State thing happens, well, we are people with many concerns in this sense...We are opposed to Islamism, to the Islamization of Spain and also in general...But when you say we, who are you? Well, we, the group that founded the Workers' Front, what was the Motor group, is the group where I come from... So, this we are talking about 2009, 2010, 2011, that is, that a job has already been done quite a long time...When the Islamic State thing happens, we, even our friends, our friends' relatives, are murdered in Syria...So, well, we are very affected by that...And in that context, I am of a relationship that is also called, well, it is called communist reconstruction at that time. And a call is made similar to that of the International brigades that existed in Spain, here in the Civil War, well, the same, but to go to fight against the Islamic State...So, they accuse me, well, in fact they say that it is approved, that is, I can say it, they tell me that I am the one who organized it..because people are going to fight there... And well, when they return, they arrest them, they start to put pressure on us, they put us on trial based on all this. And for fighting against the Islamic State, they put us on trial... They put me on remand, I was only in preventive, that is, then I was not sentenced serving time... And at the end of a 27-year petition that they put me in, for being, I don't know, the bad guy at the end of the game, well it came to nothing, in a year and six months. and I'm still fighting to get clean... I mean, that's the situation I have now and..."

From the moment 00:10:16.120000 to 00:10:27.480000 Interviewer says: "Look, I would like you to clarify one thing there, because you said fight against the Islamic State. And nowadays in today's society, fighting can be posting tweets ...So, you weren't tweeting, you were in the trenches...There were people, yes, who were in the trenches."

From the moment 00:10:25.040000 to 00:11:41.280000 Roberto Vaquero says: "So, you weren't tweeting, you were in the trench... There were people, yes, who were in the trench... I think They are arrested for being the instigator or the Organizer. And I spent 49 days in anti-terrorist isolation. Festivals, everything happens to me there... In fact, people say that I should write a book about That, everything happens to me... And well, I was a certain way before I got there... Well, I was a guy who always trained a lot, I always gave a lot of importance to studying, training, etc.... What it is for me... Before from jail too... It was like that before... I had a shoulder injury, I stopped training. and when they put me in jail, I started training a lot... And when I got out, well, I ended up competing... .I started training qui posis, I ended up competing... They told me that with my shoulder I couldn't train again... They made me do rehabilitation like an animal... I started training and I ended up competing... I I stopped studying to go to work during the day...I left, I got a degree in geography in History, I got my master's degree and I'm doing my doctorate...I mean, I kind of disciplined myself a lot there...O I mean, I was a person in and of myself, compared to a person who only goes out to parties and so on, I was very organized... But when I left there, I came out transformed... I mean, he was a person who dedicated me to work to achieve my goals and not look at anything else...And I also dedicate myself to building myself, also to contribute to others...So, of course, instead of destroying me, what it did to me was a lot stronger...I came out much stronger there, mentally and at all levels...And the people with whom you shared time in prison"

From the moment 00:10:52.440000 to 00:11:46.760000 Interviewer says: "Before prison too... It was like that before... And the people you shared time with in prison. Did you notice an effect? similar or was it something in you that disciplined you and...No, in fact, I saw a lot of people break there."

From the moment 00:11:46.760000 to 00:12:51.560000 Roberto Vaquero says: "No, in fact, I saw many people break there... From seeing people who were ten years old, maybe eleven... I was with a boy who had been in prison for the longest time. How old was I when I was there... I had been in prison for 31 years... And, of course, now I write to him, I send him things, I try to help... I mean, I try to do things to help people who are like this...But I saw a lot of broken people and I saw people who, despite being a little bad for a long time, got ahead, made an effort...So, I saw it as something for example...I was there with some of the scary people...I mean, I was with people, especially the first time I was in Soto, I was with Arcan tigers, I was with Albanian, Italian gangsters... .I was with very curious people, I was with ETA prisoners, I was with all kinds of people...And there were some of them that I learned a lot...And I also learned to relate in another way...I learned, for example, with This guy, who was Serbian, I learned to train differently, because he was a physical phenomenon...And I dedicated myself to doing that. I read, trained and prepared... And, in fact, when I left there, that's when I proposed the plan to create the workers' front and all this... I mean, in reality it was a very short period, but very productive for me."

From the moment 00:12:55.480000 to 00:13:02.480000 Interviewer says: "And going back, when they decide to go there, how many people leave? In other words, these are four crazy people who say from one day to the next. ..Well, it was...No, it was people who really loved..."

From the moment 00:13:02.480000 to 00:13:23.240000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Well, it was...No, it was people who really loved...How many people? Well, in the trial only two appear ...So let's say that there are two of them...And they were there at the front with the International Brigade.and there were people from all countries...And the only country that faces trial is the only group "It's us...In fact, the people who said they were like our bosses in other places...How does this thing about the International Brigade work?"

From instant 00:13:05.920000 to 00:13:23.240000 Interviewer says: "How many people? How does this International Brigade thing work?"

From the moment 00:13:28.680000 to 00:13:30.640000 Roberto Vaquero says: "and people wrote for... Just like that? Yes."

From the moment 00:13:34.480000 to 00:13:34.480000 Interviewer says: "Yes, but through groups, of course, because I didn't know who was going to get involved."

From the moment 00:13:34.480000 to 00:13:41.480000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Yes, but through groups, of course, because I didn't know who was going to get involved...But yes, and there were people from Italy, there were "People from a lot of Germany, there were people from England, there were people from many countries."

From the moment 00:13:44.160000 to 00:13:49.680000 Interviewer says: "And when does your interest in politics start, let's say? No, it starts at the institute...I began to become politicized at the Institute, in assemblies of students, a little anti-fascist at first as well."

From the moment 00:13:46.760000 to 00:15:55.240000 Roberto Vaquero says: "No, it starts at the institute...I began to become politicized at the Institute, in student assemblies, a little in the anti-fascist thing at the beginning also...And in the end, I read more...I have always been a person who has read a lot, with many concerns...And I began to realize a little about what I call the fashion of the revolution. ...There are people who have like a pack, right? They dress in a way, they talk in a way, they go to concerts, they like it a lot... I started there, but soon I started to be like the weird one. And I started to have problems from the beginning... And I was moving away, moving away until I founded an organization in Yes, which is a bit of the embryo of everything we are now... And we have arrived until today... In other words, it has been like a process of Breakup. When I got out of prison, I think it was the moment when we said: we have to break up with these people... In other words, this is a burden... The only thing that does It's not getting close to normal people, which is who we want to get close to... Because they criticize me a lot and tell me. It's not that you are no longer dedicated to the fight for the Workers, you have betrayed... And it's just that I don't know, in my neighborhood I live in Leganés, in San Nicacio, which is a working-class neighborhood of immigrants... And when I talk to people, whether they are Spanish or from abroad, their problems are that they don't have work, that Their job is rubbish, they don't make it to the end of the month, their daughter can't go out after 9 at night, because something happens to her, they don't steal... I mean, they have a series of problems that we, or at least I, share, I live in that situation too and I want to solve it... And all these Groups, although they are very radical on the Left, are more concerned with invented oppressions, with fashions that come from States United. And I don't think they are beneficial to anyone, it's something for the people who drive the business... So I kind of, from a very young age I started to break with that... Us within what is the antifa scene In his day, or in the most communist style, or more extreme left, we were already very poorly seen at that time, because we did not follow these things, we did not like to follow trends... We can be the worst thing for many people. and we can be criticized for many things, but of course, as long as we are consistent with what we think, it is impossible for us to be criticized because you may like it or not... That is each person's question, but we don't. We are Groucho Marx Marxists, I have some principles and if you don't like them I have others... That's what it is... That is, we are like that. And if we like it well and if we don't, well, that's how we are. ...We don't have to deceive anyone...Of course."

From the moment 00:15:55.640000 to 00:16:04.760000 Interviewer says: "So despite having a very...I mean, extreme leftist approach, one could say, in some aspects, you reject everything that "Wokeism is really what it is, isn't it? No, no, radically,"

From the moment 00:16:04.760000 to 00:17:10.080000 Roberto Vaquero says: "No, no, radically, but even on the left that rejects parts of wokeism. And then deep down they play the same game, those people too. ..I mean, I totally deny it... People call it Woke ideology, I call it ideological postmodernism, but it amounts to the same thing... That is, this whole issue of Globalism, which is also called that many times, yes, totally against it...I consider myself a Patriot, I have nothing to do with that...When they say to me, no, it's because you're on the right because you're a patriot, right? Yes, but I defend the class shower Right? So it's like people's heads explode, but following Pacs is the only thing they do without using it... That is, you can have things that are right, but there are things that are wrong and you defend them... But it's solely and exclusively because it's your fashion, right? It's like your urban tribe and that's how they work...Yes, in terms...Yes, it's a mistake...I get criticized a lot for sitting down to talk with People who are not of my ideology, supposedly according to them... So I have debated with many liberals, I have even debated with real right-wing people, with conservatives, with Woke people too... It's like the one who wants to sit down with me to debate and be a person with whom you can talk, I have no problem... And that practically makes me, first, a legitimizer of fascism, and then directly into a fascist... It's like Well, I don't know, maybe we have different visions of what a fascist is, let's see Loco."

From the moment 00:17:12.160000 to 00:17:56.880000 Interviewer says: "Yes, in the end I understand that you are trying to use common sense... That is, because what I see and what happens to me, that is, having the Another day here in Bascal, it happens to me with people I know who are probably from Vox. And they all defend, for example, the bulls, because they are in the Pack... Because if you buy all the rest of the Things, then also You have to like bulls and that's it... And that's it, and that's what it is... And I say, for me that's what, I don't know, it's a lack of judgment... Just be left, right, up, down...I don't care, right? And then you mentioned the word revolution before...You would say, let's see, in some way it is already a little revolutionized.the environment, the truth...But you would say that a revolution is needed that "It's happening, it's happening, but badly."

From the moment 00:17:58.680000 to 00:19:52.120000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I believe that it is not happening and that what is now disguised as the people speaks of Progressivism, of the progressive, of progress... I believe that it is quite the opposite, that society is degenerating at an accelerated rate...People who even know and Hammers, can be seen in the iconography of many Wow and organizations...They talk about socialism, the revolution ...And of course, I think, I also want it to be separated, and that the people who see this separate what I am in itself from the workers' front... Because I do come from a tradition and I do consider myself. communist, but the people of the Workers' Front are not... There are people who are, but many people who are not... It is like a broad front and there is a program that for me is De. that for others is maximum, but that everyone We agree that we have to, what you said about Common Sense, that there are certain things that many people can agree with and we want to be a transversal movement...So I have no problem answering Nada.de communism or anything, but I want the People to separate me a little from where I come from, from what the front itself is, because if not I can harm them, and that is not my intention... Logical, logical. ..And about what you said, to me these people seem like the Upside Down, the glitter counterrevolution... To me they seem like the most systemic... Because when you say, no, it's because for me they are the most rational. ..People say how are these people going to be rational? and it seems to me that the terminology here is important...What they are, they are systemic...The left has gone from paralyzing the Countries, from wanting to transform, from wanting to reach Socialism, from wanting to do things, to suddenly What they do is Maintain what is there... That is, they make small changes, what they call the Small. Advances, but advances for whom, advances of what... So what I see is that it is like a big scam and are the most systemic, because how are they going to defend the revolution in the sense of transforming Society? if they have the same discourse and the same ideological package as . Amazon, for example, than Netflix, that is, since when can the subversive radical left have the same line as large business corporations, it breaks your head when you analyze that... And it is what many people do not see, because "People are very deceived."

From the moment 00:18:54.920000 to 00:20:41.240000 Interviewer says: "Logical, logical...Of course...Yes, before you mentioned that they are Imported, that they are like imported ideologies...But in the end, I am I'm lately trying to do this podcast, because as I bring in people who sometimes have their conspiracy approach, the Algorithms contaminate me, I already get conspiracy things, and I'm already a little involved in the game too... So The other day, it hasn't come out yet, but we recorded with an expert in masonry, for example, and he was talking about how really, it doesn't even have to be from the United States, but from something higher, right? Agenda 2030, everything, that is, of, Well, masonry also sounds Conspiracy, but when you talk to this guy who will already have the podcast coming out, well, you might start to believe it, right? I think he comes from the United States... That's what you I was going to ask...I think that many times conspiracies, "

From the moment 00:20:38.600000 to 00:21:40.920000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I think it comes from the United States...I was going to ask you that...I think that many times conspiracies, conspiracy theories, What they do is blur a lot and alienate people a lot... And I think it doesn't help, because people say, no, Agenda 2030 is a Conspiracy theory, you put Agenda 2030 on Google... You give it to me and it appears on the web, that is, it is not hidden... It is not a conspiracy, it is something that people do not bother to read it... But it is there... And all this ideological pack What they are imposing on us is something that is coming from the United States...Even the right here is copying the right there, which is the reaction to what is happening there...The whole issue that they talk about Trampismo ,of people who are beginning to be fed up with how the United States is evolving...And who are copying that type of right here...I mean, the right that is reemerging here in Spain.has much more to do with that style American than with the traditional Spanish radical right of farangistas.making squads and going down the street...That does not happen in Spain...The right that exists here is very copied from the one that is emerging, very copied from that of United States...I think that copying the United States all the time, which is what we have been doing for decades, I think is not very positive for us...I mean, do you think it comes from the United States that it simply "

From the moment 00:20:54.520000 to 00:21:45.120000 Interviewer says: "You give it to me and it appears on the web, that is, it is not hidden...The right that is here is very copied from the one that is there. Or I mean, do you think it comes from the United States that simply follows in the footsteps of the United States? Yes, I think Spain is years behind in terms of how."

From the moment 00:21:45.120000 to 00:22:34.920000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Yes, I think that Spain is years behind how it has evolved since the United States... Well, in the Anglo-Saxon world, I would say... I believe that this comes from the Anglo-Saxon world...Europe has been imported and Spain is also being imported...And it is a continuous issue...I remember when I started to military this Language.inclusive, all this was One thing that when it arrived I laughed and said, how pathetic, this is never going to be imposed here...Who in their right mind is going to do this? And after a while, that is, when time passed, There they threw me out of the assembly for not accepting it... 20 years ago or 20 years before... And the issue of transgenderism, that movement didn't exist here before... The feminism that was here was different... It's one thing that constantly comes in waves because the dominant culture here is the North American one at the level of the type of series, of movies, of music, everything comes there... And it is one thing that in the end people fall for... "Social networks, everything comes there."

From the moment 00:22:37.840000 to 00:22:41.520000 Interviewer says: "Yes, it has a lot of influence on what the lifestyle is...Of course, and at the level of ideology on the population and of"

From the moment 00:22:44.360000 to 00:22:55.440000 Roberto Vaquero says: "culture, is the culture that pushes national cultures...And national cultures are being eroded and everyone is taking this very cosmopolitan culture "globalist...And what is done is to erase it from here instead of continuing to evolve and adapt things that are not from here."

From the moment 00:22:58.920000 to 00:23:02.320000 Interviewer says: "And do you think it comes from the governments, from the Companies? Yes, I think it is a conjunction."

From the moment 00:23:03.920000 to 00:24:04.960000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Because I believe that governments are at the service of those who finance them...So who finances the governments? Well, those big companies... Who do they depend on at the level of image and other issues as well? So, I think that both the left, Well, the more Psoe-style left, more of the big parties, that is, as Margallo said, centrists, both the Psoe and the PP defend similar things...In fact, Margallo says that the 2030 agenda is the gospel...And keep in mind that it is the party that came from the dictatorship, which was very conservative people...And now Look, what positions they are having... And that is because they are adapting party speeches. North American catch-all... Even the parties here were not like that... The Socialist Party in Spain was a grassroots party, a party who came from workerism, from the union... He wants to get votes from whoever... He is not focused on a segment, on the population, and he defends his interests... It is like he is focused on what is good... And the PP is exactly the same... They have become catch-all parties... And that is also imported. Because? Because the Republican Party and the Democratic Party are like that too... We copy the United States a lot."

From the moment 00:24:06.760000 to 00:24:14.080000 Interviewer says: "I guess they also force each other to be able to compete...If you are going to catch it all, I also have to go catch it all to be able to compete with you...And in the European Union, the same thing, everything has been imposed a lot"

From the moment 00:24:14.080000 to 00:24:33.160000 Roberto Vaquero says: "And in the European Union, likewise, everything North American has been imposed a lot... Even the migratory models that exist are with a perception that It's similar...The anti-racism spokespersons of the Big Organizations, etc., are literally copied from How.they are in the United States...And it is something that is very global...They approach it in a way quite global."

From the moment 00:24:36.560000 to 00:24:47.080000 Interviewer says: "And pulling the wire, because we follow either governments, corporations, it catches my attention, what could be the interest behind all this wow? Get to what point? Who is interested in what?"

From the moment 00:24:48.320000 to 00:31:18.560000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Well, I believe that on an economic level they have a lot of profit...They have a great Montado business, in which what they say is acceptable and They induce a type of consumption...And what they do is implement it...And it is money and money and money...And in fact, now there is starting to be a reaction...Even the companies that have dedicated to being pure business in this sense, for example, Disney, Netflix, etc., people are starting to get fed up... There is a reaction, even their sales are going down... Now an interesting period is going to open... But until now what there has been is an incredible business...Because even with the issue of transgenderism and an incredible Business behind it...And what they do is make money, political profit and the ability to maintain their control... And on top of that, with a cloak of progress, it's not that fascists come from I don't know who to complain... And I have seen it with the riots in France... I have seen how organizations here in Spain, super revolutionary, some who are in mayor's offices, saying that well, that we must support the riots and that it is a question of, come on, practically the revolution in . France...And there were people burning centers for immigrants, churches, libraries, attacking people because of their skin color. On the street... It's like it's a dystopia... I mean, what has happened in France is that entire areas have been lumpenized... There are people who live on the margins separated from society and what the migratory model does is encourage this to happen more and more... And there are millions of people who do not feel of that country and that, in addition, they are like the fashion of the suburbs that, as soon as anything happens, they go out into the street... That is, a boy dies in that accident... Because the guy didn't shoot him the head, as they say...Die, okay...A shame, about him being a criminal, etc., it doesn't matter...Die, I don't think he had to die...But hey, I don't think he would either. What he did is not right either... But the thing is, this boy dies, France burns... A Syrian refugee who was an Islamist, they said no he was a Christian, in the end he was an Islamist, he dedicated himself to stabbing babies in a park ...Which is very good, Luis...Yes, but did France take to the streets? It didn't come out, nothing happened...I think that's when France has to burn and say that there has to be a change...But nothing happens there...A common criminal dies and everything burns... It can't be, it can't be... In other words, the implementation of these measures at all levels, both migratory and non-migratory, has led to dystopian situations... Feminism has gone beyond the movement feminist I was betting on separating myself from men, on enhancing women, a series of issues that don't seem right to me either... Because I believe in equality, but in real equality... The quotas, discrimination, etc.... But the thing is, it has gone from that to the fact that now those who rule, in many cases, are people who say they are women and who have displaced what could be called biological women... And not only that, but they call them Terf, that is, because the Nazis, and they are going to hit them in places... The other day, to Cnt, which is a union not at all suspected of being right-wing, in no way For that matter, they held a rally and tried to beat them for doing an act in defense, that is, against the erasure of women, which is what is happening... We live in a dystopian situation in all areas , migratory model, the question of Women, the education of children and persexualizing them and putting horrific theories, from my point of view, into their heads... Promote individualism, but at a level that is destroying people. When there are more mental problems than ever, when there are supposedly more media and more professionals than ever, weakness is being encouraged in our society... People are getting weaker... And there are people who say, No, it's just that, of course, like the White man, now he's weak, well, of course, these things happen because... And it's like, weakness is not being encouraged in the whole world... I mean, it doesn't matter the Whatever color you have, weakness is being encouraged... There are people who are ashamed of being Spanish, there are people who are ashamed of being white, there are people who are ashamed of being otorosexual... There comes a time when it is ridiculous and you see things that are truly dystopian...I don't know, the other day at the Gay Pride party, I'm going to say something that maybe is outrageous, they had a nudist march and naked guys came out dancing...And I looked at the side and there were little children...It's not normal, it's not normal...I mean, they can do whatever they want, but why do there have to be some children there? Why do they have to do it in the street? Why do we have a Pride month? Well, I tell you, why do we have a Pride month? because it is a great business...They did it one day and said, this is a business, we do it for a month...Do they really care about people's sexual orientations? No, because in Spain the vast majority of people do not care what sexual orientation you have... That is your thing in your life and you will do what you want... Nobody gets in there... When People talk about Spain, it's not that Spain is Horrible, it is a homophobic, racist country... If that happened, there wouldn't be 8 million immigrants in Spain... If that happened, there wouldn't be a pride month... It's unreal...If you tell me, no, we are going to talk about Hungary, well we can sit down and talk about Hungary, but in Spain, which is a country that opens its doors to the whole world. and that is a very open country in general, we do not live in the 50s with Franco... That is, this has evolved... There are people who are still with Franco as if he were alive. and they are like in a kind of civil war between Left and Right. of ideological groups... And it is ridiculous because even at that time in the 30s, you read, for example, the clandestine publication of the Falange. when they were illegalized and the reports came out about when they killed each other. and they spoke with respect from the people... That is, you read the memoirs of some Falangists or texts. and those of the communists who were in the Shock brigades, that is, to kill themselves with them who literally killed themselves. before the war civil, that is, during the republic, and they were people who later respected each other... And when they wrote 20 or 30 years later about that Moment, they literally killed each other for their ideas and still respected each other... You see now, It's like a chicken coop, they're there with each other, chattering, then they appear in photos laughing and drinking I don't know what... I mean, it's like there's an enmity and they create an enmity in the population. It's like living in a civil war, but it does not exist... It is not that it is a war between the communists, who are the social communists, . Pedro Sánchez and Podemos, which makes me laugh, and the fascists who are all the others... And there are neither fascists nor communists there, it's like a scam, they are making fun of people... And I every Every time I say this, people's heads explode and I'm afraid of everything, but it's the truth... And when I see photos of Spinoza a los Monteros with Pablo Iglesias in Parliament at the time, laughing, making jokes, I say, then why do you have that Polarization when you speak? If it is unreal, it is a lie, it is like facing the gallery... And people stop talking, they block each other, they run campaigns at a social level... And then the politicians who represent them get along well with each other...And this is like the party...And you see how it was in the parliamentary sessions of La República, for example, and they were people who literally wanted to kill themselves...But then they didn't They saw them together... That guy, uh, crashes, we're going to party later... It didn't happen... Then they're laughing at people... And it's something that pisses me off extremely."

From the moment 00:31:21 to 00:31:46.920000 Interviewer says: "Yes, I suppose it is like a play and that for Them the situation is much easier to deal with when the population is Arguing and is distracted between them, right? I mean, fighting continuously...And also linking a little with what you said before...What I feel is that today having something to offend you for has become a a privilege...And if you don't have anything that offends you, you need, that is, I need a little flag to carry, something to defend my Message, my role on Twitter, I have something, I have to complain about something, right?"

From the moment 00:31:51.480000 to 00:33:32.280000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Look, they once tried to create a coordinator against oppression in Valencia, okay? And in the end, of course, they have to make it like a stopover for the members and so on...And it was so crazy and like everyone had to oppress each other that they dissolved...Because, of course, it was who oppresses who more? It was like a game, like a role-playing game interpreting something...So , it's not serious, it's not serious... I tell you, I, for example, when he says, it's not that... When people say, no, there is a problem, for example, because also the people on the street street speaks in a different way, it is not correct...And you ask, what are the problems in your neighborhood or someone? and now immigration is going to tell you, I don't know what, it is going to tell you in a very direct way. ..And, of course, and he says, no, but you are an oppressor... And he is a guy who works from morning to afternoon, he goes to pick up his daughter home, he has to accompany her so that nothing happens to him, he takes care of his family, earns money to support them... That is, he is a person who is a good person, so to speak... Why is he an oppressor of anything? Because? Because he is white and lives in a neighborhood where they are robbing him, where they are making his life impossible and he is a hard worker...And a person who is a yuppie university student, who has never hit a brick in his life because he is living off his parents...And that person who is deconstructed and says, oh, I'm very oppressed, that person is revolutionary, when in reality he is a parasite. And you can call those things...And that's how we see it with politicians that there are today... That is, there are politicians from your sea who come from being spokespersons for, who are going to talk about nothing if they are privileged people... Now we come to talk about the issue of the Sahara, for example... I know daughters of Polisario leaders, that is, not exactly the most neglected people, who have come here with distinguished families because they are the children of... and now they are spokespersons who are dedicated to saying no, it is that I as an oppressed person and It's like look, you have an apartment in Moncloa, you are a person who lives in luxury, you are a person with higher education and you have not had a problem in your entire life."

From the moment 00:33:10.600000 to 00:33:10.600000 Interviewer says: "Now we come to talk about the issue of the Sahara, for example."

From the moment 00:33:36.080000 to 00:34:13.160000 Roberto Vaquero says: "You can't say, no, it's just that we racialized people don't, you don't... There are people who do, for example, the Moroccan people of my neighborhood can say it, but you can't say it and you live from that, you live from that... There are people who live from being of Her origin, but you have to look at their material living conditions, because maybe Their material living conditions are better than ours...I don't own a house, I haven't had that opportunity yet. And I don't play the martyr for it, but there are people who live by playing the martyr... It's what you say, that if there is no flag he takes another, he doesn't care... And he follows a speech that everyone says himself, which is repulsive... I see it, for example, that this will insult me ​​a lot the people later, with the issue of the spokespersons for the environmentalist thing."

From the moment 00:33:59.680000 to 00:33:59.680000 Interviewer says: "and I don't play the martyr for it, but there are people who live by playing the martyr."

From the moment 00:34:16.880000 to 00:35:08.920000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I defend the sustainability of the planet, I believe in Ecology, but not in this environmentalism... I mean, this is ridiculous, it's laughing to people...That is, because a person uses plastic cups or not, it is not going to solve any problem...The problem is going to be that they stop producing and provide an alternative...And what they do It's making people laugh...Well, the Greta Thunbergs on duty are all like Prefabricated, they dress the same, they speak the same, they make the same gestures...I see it the same with the Femen ones...I mean, I saw one talk they gave that it was. You have to make an angry face, do like this... It's like a lobotomization course, to make everyone the same... So it's a fashion, it's a fashion and it's very clear. ..They don't care about sustainability, because sustainability is global...If Spain stops producing one thing and Coca Cola is produced here, for example, it stops producing one thing and three times as much is produced in China, the same Company, "There is no sustainability whatsoever...I mean, the problem is going to get worse...And that's how it is with all these ridiculous fashions."

From the moment 00:35:11.560000 until 00:35:55 ​​Interviewer says: "Yes, just like that. And what bothers me is When, apart from following the same pattern and the same clothing that I say, for Please, we are gestures... Yes, everything. But now... What bothers me the most is all the noise they try to make... I mean, you are vegan. Okay... Why do you put it? in the biography of all your social networks? It appeals to me that you are vegan. I mean, why? Why not? But hey, getting away from that topic a little, something that I really liked about your speech is the defense of flag, damn it, because for me this is pure common sense. Okay? I mean, the fact that you have, let's say, associated with the Ultra Right, practically the fact that you have a flag of Spain, which is your country... But all the symbols, not just the flag, all, absolutely everything."

From the moment 00:35:55 ​​to 00:37:26.240000 Roberto Vaquero says: "But all the symbols, not just the flag, all of them, absolutely everything... Even the name. In other words, the more country people are called the more country...What country is that? The truth is that they don't say it, they are ashamed...They do an act, Rajon once did an act and a guy told him to boycott...He told him long live Spain and Viva said, but he spent half an hour justifying it... They were very unfortunate for me because he said viva... In a meeting, they have done it to me before, they say viva España to me and I say viva... And I continue, because not I have to be ashamed... It's just that I am from here or with history or with things... I don't know, I am a historian and I am also. The periods that I like the most are mine, which is contemporary, which is a republic, etc., that period... And then I like the era of the thirds... I give lectures about it, I write about it too and people call me a fascist... And it's as if fascism did not exist At that time...I mean, in the time of the Thirds, fascism did not exist, it does not make any sense...I mean, it is not just the flag or not the flag, everything is criminalized...To our actions We use the republican one too, because it is a flag of Spain... But, for example, when people come with normal redness, then they come... I mean, I want to tell you, I don't care, it's not a Offensive, because people feel Spanish, they grew up here... That's the flag they grew up with... And what are you going to do? Well, that's it, nothing happens... You accept it and that's it... And that's what everyone should do, because it makes no sense to attack your own country... It's like people play national team and you see a Lots of Spaniards like let's go...France. And it's how you go with France... I mean, it's already reached a point where it seems like a meme... I mean, they hate their team, they hate their country, they hate their history, they hate their traditions, they hate their culture...And I think that comes a lot from the United States."

From the moment 00:37:29.240000 to 00:38:35.320000 Interviewer says: "Yes, I think they continue, in the end they continue...The play we were talking about before they follow blindfolded, literally ...And they are and are so easy to fool...The other day I was here...I think you did something with him on your Bertrand de Vox channel, for example...And I was talking to him, something I say is that he is totally true To say, well, for example, íñigo de rejón, that you see it, the clothes they wear, that you see it as the message of trying to sell what you said about the gestures, it's a pity... It's not a bit like it's everything studied...And I say every time I go out for a walk, every two times three. I see you eating in what's in the retreat, I don't know, they give 100,200 bucks, I don't know, I've never eaten there, but I say come on...And then you only need a hole here in the T-shirt, and the clothes, all the non-verbal language...And in the end with that I think it ends up being enough to deceive a large part of the population...Then I suppose that with your message when addressing the Population, you appeal to common sense, to situations...To common sense I have already been proud of the positive things, of what are ."

From the moment 00:38:35.320000 until 00:42:42 Roberto Vaquero says: "With common sense I have already been proud of the positive things, of what we are...I think it is something that unites many people. ..And yet, they criticize me a lot, for example, because of my manners... Because I am a very good guy, which, for example, feminist people would call toxic masculinity, a big guy who If he has to say things, he says them with strong, serious gestures... That is, I am a person who does not fit in a little with how they do politics... People tell me that you should be a different way... .And I say, I don't play a role...People tell me, no, but professional politicians, I don't want to be a professional politician...I don't play a role. I do, like that...And Of course, they are like all of them copied... You see them and they are all cut a little from the same pattern of a typical spokesperson. And we don't like that... And when I appeal, especially with the Front, we focus on several things... When the meetings tell me, no, but what about your specific measure about I don't know what? And it's like, look, most politicians talk about measures that they will never apply. And what they do is like making fun of people to get votes...We are going to focus on five very clear things...One is revolutionary patronage, which is precisely to call for the homeland and merge it with the workers' struggle ...The second is to defend that fight...It cannot be that the unions go without going on strike and without doing anything.when there are problems and they support labor reforms, that even the liberals agree with her.so that they can see the class character that it has...This reform requires them to go to France, take photos because they are going to raise the retirement age, and they have to go on strikes, and then here in Spain they raise it and do nothing...They are unions subsidized, for me state, and that have absolutely no struggle...We want to rebuild a unionism that does defend the interests of the Workers and that is not like the union programs that talk about environmentalism, Feminism, of deconstruction, of workshops of I don't know what, which is that we don't care...These are not problems that affect the workers, that is why the unions have fewer and fewer members...Another issue is the issue of immigration and of the Immigration model, that we must change the immigration model immediately so as not to become France, and the other two are the fight against partitocracy, what we have said about the left and the right, which we think is the regime itself. There is no possible salvation, the one here, because in general the problems we have, and we need something new, a constituent process to do something new, and that we are not living with the Constitution that our parents' generation or more approved. And then, finally, a bitter fight against Guoqism, against globalism, as you want to call it, because we consider that they must be kicked out of Spaces that they themselves are already beginning to abandon. and that in countries like France or Germany, where the Communist Party won before, the alternative for Germany...And that is a symptom that they have abandoned any reference or any proposal for resolution of the problems that affect the workers...And we are going to focus in those five things...Everything else for us is secondary. That's the important thing...We don't have a program on the Internet, we have a summarized program too, but that's what we're going to focus on...I'm not saying, I'm not talking about measures that yes, someday we will do... No, no, I'm talking about what we're going to do now... I mean, next week we're doing this now... Mohamed Vi, I don't know if you've seen it. No... Well, we dropped a tarp and came out denouncing what Morocco is doing in Spain. And they came out kissing Mohamed Vi and Pedro Sánchez... And of course, they have threatened us with death, they have called us to carry out attacks, we They have denounced, they have attacked the canvas... The threats and so on from... From crazy Islamists from Morocco, which I believe... But individuals... No, no, in front. Yes, yes, individuals... I was showing in Topic in Algeria, of course, because the Algerians have taken the opportunity to laugh... And nothing, they try to attack us in places... What happens is that we are not very impressionable, because as We already have, we already have the hard things from the time of Syria and all that, that the Turks also in that sense are giving more to take, well it doesn't matter to us a little... But it is simply to give an example that the people see that it is not the same...I mean, right now I can go out here and they can do me I don't know what, but I don't care...We are people, we are tough people and we promote people to be like that ...And among the difficulties, what you have to do is grow, not become small. and say that you have anxiety... When you have it, I think you have to shake your fists, get out of the problem. and then later you will do it. The rest will be solved...Of course, because how?"

From the moment 00:42:01.080000 to 00:42:52.600000 Interviewer says: "But individuals...No, no, in front. Yes, yes, individuals...How do you see the society that is undoubtedly weakening looking to the future? I mean, do you think that difficult times are coming and what is it going to cost them to navigate those seas?

From the moment 00:42:54.400000 to 00:47:40.480000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I think that very, very complicated times are coming and I think it will be very related to what is happening in France...And I think that The people here, in Spain, are not prepared right now, at any level, to face what is going to happen... In fact, in the places it is a different problem, for example, with the gangs... But in El Salvador Bukele, for example, has shown that if war is really declared on certain issues, it can be solved... But it has been a country at war to be able to achieve it... And times like this are coming, times are coming very complicated. And there are going to be two options... One, dissolve and be something new. Or another, grab everything by the fists and fight for what we are... And we are preparing for that Option, because I I think that's what's going to happen...In fact, in France I think it's going to happen sooner than here...And I think people say no, but that's the end...I think not, because I think you are trying to find the origin of the Phrase, but I can't find it, that many people say it, that difficult times make hard men... Yes, the cycle... Yes, yes. And I believe that it will be like this...I believe that we are going to a very complicated situation, that this situation comes in all things due to the weakness that has been fostered, because I believe that in other times this would not have been allowed.. .There are certain things that I think would not have been allowed...People would have gone out into the streets and it would not have been allowed...and face this...And we are working to create people like that...We When kids approach us, for example, we have a very big youthful aggression... It's the strongest thing we have, that's a symptom of the future... When people come, we encourage people to train, to people study, let people finish, of course, because many people sometimes come from certain neighborhoods or from problems that people do not want to study nor do they want to do anything...And we tell people that they have to be productive. and that you have to get training, because a person, if he has abilities, can contribute a lot to the collective... If a person doesn't know how to do anything, he can't contribute anything... You can be a lot of people, but in reality it's not worth it nothing...So you first have to build yourself and then contribute to others, because otherwise you are like something parasitic on the group...And I think it is a way of seeing the community, especially organizations, erroneous...What needs to be done is to train people, that people have critical capacity, that people are intelligent, that people are trained...Because what most organizations do is have lobotomized people, who knows a lot about the manuals that repeat things, but they are not critical, because they do not want anyone to be critical of what they do...But for us it is the other way around...And people can go wrong, Obviously, but for each one that turns out well like this, there could be 20 more, if they want, I wouldn't care... It would be a success, which is not the case, but it would be a success... Because we want to train people with capacity... .And me, there are many kids who have joined our things, they have already entered because they came from being homeless, from being alcoholics, very young people... And they have ended up, over the years, getting degrees, getting modules , training, competing in boxing, things like that, in weightlifting... In other words, we encourage people to develop and that people have the capabilities to be able to contribute to the community... Because if not, We would be like many organizations that exist, that have very weak, very fragile people, who are not prepared for any complications... You keep in mind, I go to Barcelona, ​​for example, and a mob of people comes to shout at me, to try to hit us...We're going to Seville or wherever...People come with helmets, with sticks to hit us. That happens...There is a position of ours and it comes to bursting our position...That happens to us constantly...So what happens? That we need people who can face that... Not only to face it physically, but to face it psychologically, that it is a pressure... So, we go with our own order service, we have super prepared people. Because? Because we have forged ourselves in the difficulty that before things happened to us, and now we do not allow them to happen... And I think it is a very appropriate mentality when creating an organizational structure that can serve something in the future. And I think it's a question of values...I try, above all, to me people tell me, no, you're very medieval, but there are things like having Honor, having a word. They are things that say, no, that has nothing to do with it... Well, I think so... Because a person without words, what differentiates us from an animal? I'm really telling you...I mean, I try to encourage people like that...they are very devalued and I think they don't have to be like that...For example, in many leftist groups they It encourages not being competitive, right? You are not competitive, competitive in the sense that it Affects you, of becoming a monster for yourself, no, but... Being hungry... In the sense, yes, of wanting to improve yourself, of wanting to have goals, of ...If you don't have that, you're not going to move forward...There are people who tell me, no, because you have a very entrepreneurial mentality...And it's true...But because a person, regardless of the Society, of the conditions, has to try to make oneself... Because if not, in reality you are not going to be well. Never, because you are not going towards what you want... And that is that "It's for politics and for everything."

From the moment 00:47:43.200000 to 00:48:24.480000 Interviewer says: "It's super paradoxical to talk to you, really...I know this doesn't make much sense, but it's what I really think...But and no I had heard this part of your message in Concrete, but I really congratulate you because it seems to me... I mean, it seems to me that it is something so simple, so basic, but at the same time so important and so fundamental for a person, the fact to be useful, to have your own Criterion, to be a little critical, to take care of what you put in your Body, what you do with it, how you develop it... They are all the bases, really... I see a lot of people who is looking for the magic formula and I say, hey, these are the four pillars of what you have said, the preparation that you try to give to young people, I understand, above all... When I talk about militant culture, "

From the moment 00:47:45.200000 to 00:50:18.960000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I know that this doesn't mean much, but it's what I really think...When I talk about militant culture, that at the level of culture about how any person should be. From my point of view, I talk about denial, sacrifice, discipline, study, training... In other words, they are things that strengthen you... I give you the example about the thing in jail...I, for example, come out a new man...Why? Because I trained every day, for two hours...And the rest I dedicated myself to reading and doing things, and thinking and to reflect...Stop to reflect, that is, put everything aside, that only now too, I put down my cell phone, I put things down, and I start to think...I start to think about what I'm going to do, what I want, what They are my...I start to think...People don't do that, they don't stop to think...They are like with Tiktok almost all day, a video, video, video, video, and you cover and You say, what's the first video you've seen? He doesn't even know it, he's just using and he's totally addicted... It's okay to use the networks, it's okay to use technologies, it's okay to use everything, but let it be an instrument for you to grow. No... Not something that destroys you, that you have a sick dependency... And that happens with alcohol, with... I don't drink alcohol, for example... And there are people who seem fine to me, who If you want to drink, you can do whatever you want, but I, for example, don't... But I am against people being addicted, against people being alcoholic, against people having a dependency. And life is destroyed...At the level of youth, especially that the leisure that exists now is so like that, we encourage people not to do those things...And people tell us, no, that's fascists And I... It's not true... It's just that the things I'm talking about are about honor, personal matters, right? Because, of course, people say, no, it's just that you with Order, and that's what you've become, but it's that a person who doesn't have Order in his life and who functions in an anarchic and Destructive way, is not going to be able to contribute to anyone...Because if you are destroyed inside, how are you going to contribute to Nobody? not to family, not to friend, not to girlfriend, not to children, not to anything... You cannot contribute... You have to make people healthy... I believe that what society encourages right now is not That's it, it's quite the opposite...And this is not about ideologies...I mean, this is, for me, having half a brain...I mean, people can later criticize me for my ideology, for whatever I want...But what I'm saying, well, you may like it or not, but it's something that many people who don't have an ideology tell me, damn it, well, what you're saying, well, I like it... .Totally...And it has nothing to do with ideology...It's like a way of understanding personal development."

From the moment 00:50:17.120000 to 00:50:33.640000 Interviewer says: "And it has nothing to do with ideology...Well, look, let's see, I consider myself an entrepreneur by nature. And the truth is that message is very linked...I would like to know at what point you break with the figure of entrepreneur, for example, or businessman, therefore."

From the moment 00:50:35.360000 to 00:51:09.760000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Man, well, I believe that in my specific case, from the class perspective, in the order of ideal society that would be for Me, that is, I think that's where it really breaks... Because I, for example, am very entrepreneurial, but I, the entrepreneur that I am, apart from my personal development of survival, etc., is also to contribute to the collective... And I believe that people who are very entrepreneurial and very good at Entrepreneurship focus more on themselves and on making money and on rising... And that is their goal... And I think I have a different goal and I eat more. of society...And I think that's where we differ...But you prioritize, let's say, the community before the individual."

From instant 00:51:14.320000 to 00:51:15.680000 Interviewer says: "Yes, yes...I think that's the point."

From the moment 00:51:14.320000 until 00:51:14.320000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Yes, yes."

From the moment 00:51:19.360000 to 00:51:20.840000 Interviewer says: "Of course...But I think that for the collective you also have to be an entrepreneur in the sense of"

From the moment 00:51:19.360000 to 00:52:12.360000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Of course...But I think that for the collective you also have to be an entrepreneur in the sense of building. There are many people who like getting a job, for example, stays there and that's it... And I think it's a mentality that they also get into that, Damn, you also have to know how to move and know how to progress in order to... I, for example, want have children...I have a girlfriend and I want to have children...Of course, I have to build something there to be able to have it...I can't dedicate myself to having a dependency and waiting, to see if I'm lucky and it goes well... .And no, no, I have a personal goal...I will have to achieve it...I then ask other questions that we do differ on that...But in the construction of my family, for example, I have to look also for the good of my family...But my family is not something individual...There are also many people who think, no, that is individual...If it is a family, it is not individual. ..It is a small community, but it is not something individual...And there are people who also call me a reactionary because of this, but because it is even frowned upon to have children."

From the moment 00:52:14.840000 to 00:52:42.360000 Interviewer says: "And a question, you, you, that is, from your situation, let's say that you are a person who perhaps prioritizes the Collective. in a society or in an environment where each person prioritizes their individual situation, their family, etc. Also, therefore, you begin to prioritize your individual situation... I mean, I guess you can buy, what do I know, if you had the option to save and Buy.properties to have them as assets, for Your...For example, me, being like this, that is, me, because of how I am, "

From the moment 00:52:42.360000 to 00:54:51.040000 Roberto Vaquero says: "For example, being like this, that is, I, because of who I am, could have prospered much more economically if I focused on myself, which Yes, I will focus on what I am doing...But I, for example, will not, obviously, for my own and ideological reasons, I will not dedicate myself to speculating or doing any type of those things...But I am a person who He writes, I sell my books, I produce things... I'm a guy who has value in what he does... Of course, there are a lot of people who criticize me. No, it's just that you're like I don't know what... No, it's The problem is that you don't produce any value when you do things. Or you don't do anything and I'm a person that what I do generates value... I'm a person whose head explodes... But that's what makes you I say, people must be trained...If people had it, I believe that injustice is there because it is not encouraged, that people are trained and that there are people in certain environments who do not have the opportunity or They have it too difficult...And I believe that what needs to be done is to encourage people to have capabilities...But the thing is that teaching right now, and I'm telling you, I'm in a doctoral program, it's just that It doesn't encourage that, it doesn't encourage that... In fact, the majority of people, for example, in my career want to be a professor and want to be a civil servant... But the thing is that wanting to be a civil servant and that's it, I think it's like a Mentality, how it is focused right now, which is not very productive... Because what we do, we have a state that is ultra bureaucratized, what is there, I don't know, when I see the things of the administration, above all it works. terrible way and I think it could be optimized even with fewer people and encourage work in another way, even from the state... And I think what is done is create dependencies because that is how clientele networks and it depends on who Well, I think they get votes, they get influence and they do certain things... Because of course, the Pac thing too, I mean, I in my ideal society, obviously, not even in the ideal one, I, for example I would socialize or nationalize the statistical sectors so that people understand me... I have things that I would make radical changes, but the thing is, it is not that more state and more bureaucracy is better, because it depends on who dominates. the state, it depends on what for, it depends on whether it is effective... It's just that thinking that everything that has to do with state intervention has to be something, that has losses, that is super bureaucratic, that is like a herial ...I think it is a mistake, that there have been historical examples that have gone wrong...I think that this mentality is already like a failure, it is already admitted that that does not work and I think that that is a mistake "

From the moment 00:54:53.560000 to 00:55:07.040000 Interviewer says: "But, for example, in the current situation in Spain, that is, I can still see your final photo, ideal, but the transition, how does it Can you imagine? Because, I mean, today it is a reality that the only profitable company is the public lottery, right? In the current situation, and I tell you this with the points that I said before of"

From the moment 00:55:07.040000 to 00:57:11.200000 Roberto Vaquero says: "In the current situation, and I tell you with the points that I said before about focusing, I believe that now what matters is the recovery of national sovereignty, because any measure we want to take, for example, with immigration, borders, etc., without national sovereignty we cannot change it, nor develop the industry, nor re-technize the countryside and let that begin. to work...I mean, I think that's the main thing...And people say, anyone would say that measure, not a revolutionary...Well okay, congratulations, but I think it's what is needed. ..And I think that then there is a deficit when it comes to, even from a point of view of democracy, of democracy, I think that there is a deficit in the way things are, that people do not really participate in things and then Furthermore, important things are not voted on... People are always talking about referendums, but there has not been a referendum on the immigration model, there has not been a referendum to destroy our industry, it has not been done a referendum to leave land without production in Andalusia and we buy it from Morocco, or the relations with Morocco, that has not been voted on anywhere... So I believe that that is why there has to be a constituent change, of that there be a new Constitution that really solves certain problems... For example, the issue of the independentists... Here in Spain the electoral laws favor this being so... I understand when they did it, that is When they made him it was so that he would. Communist Party was annulled...Why? Because it could be a danger in the year 75, 76, well, in the years later, in 75, no, later... Okay, but that is no longer a danger... Now, people who get fewer votes that Pacma are deciding or can even have the key to the government, that cannot be, that is, it cannot be... So it is something that no longer provides a solution to the problems that exist... I That's why I often criticize Vox and Podemos, saying that yes, they are coming to change I don't know what, but they are in all the autonomous governments that they can... Well, now it's going to be their sea and then they won't, I don't see that Say, no, it's just that we have to remove the Constitution and we have to have a process in which everyone participates in something new... I don't see them doing that. On the contrary, Podemos released a document that was like their program with the Constitution... Okay, Vox with the issue of the monarchy and all this the same... In fact, with the campaign against Mohamed Vi, how is monarchy with monarchy "We have overtaken them on all sides...And I think that in that sense, you can see, you can see that although both of them want to make small changes, both of them, that is, both parties, even if they are in different directions."

From moment 00:55:56.440000 to 00:55:56.440000 Interviewer says: "relations with Morocco, that has not been voted on anywhere."

From the moment 00:57:15.480000 to 00:58:20.120000 Roberto Vaquero says: "opposites, I see that deep down it is like the crutch parties of the greats...And I speak this a lot, I am going to say One thing, people go crazy, but I, for example, talk to people who are deputies of Podemos or who have been deputies, because I know them from when I was a kid and we were all in the communist youth...So yes, there are a lot of people who hate me, whatever you want, but a guy you've known for 25 years, 20, because you keep talking to him and there they talk to me and tell me things. ..And I have and with people from Vox too...And I tell them...And the answer is now, but that way at least we do something...And then there are many people who tell me, I don't know I would like what you say about the Pac. No, I would like... I know people in Vox who are very anti-bullfighting... they think that the measures that we say are much more precise and that we touch the issue in a more general way too...They are never going to say it publicly...There are people who are now at sea, but people who have been deputies here, in Madrid, in the community... And to me with things that we do, for example, about the workers' struggle in the unions, and things that we do, that tells me, Damn, you are very right about this, but they will never say it, because they take away from them, they take away from them. "

From the moment 00:58:20.120000 to 00:58:23.360000 Interviewer says: "but they will never say it, because they take away, they take away... But now that you mentioned it, at the immigration level, what is the proposal?"

From the moment 00:58:26.880000 to 00:59:05.200000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Well, this is a topic that I can spend 15 hours here talking to you... In fact, I have a book that I don't know, I I bring it, but hey, one day I pass by your court I'll bring it to you if you want... I, first of all, there is a question of conception... That is, the problem is not immigration itself nor the immigrant in Yes, I believe that it is a mistake to criminalize the person. And it is a mistake to think that immigration can be eradicated in a magical way... There has been immigration before, there has been immigration now, there will be immigration in the future. The issue is massiveness...That is the problem we have here...And people say, no, but when is it decided when there are more people that the country can receive? Well, I think there are some symptoms very clear...The first is that unemployment is no longer just national, but that the immigrant population has significant unemployment."

From the moment 00:58:29.440000 to 00:58:50.800000 Interviewer says: "In fact, I have a book that I don't know about, I bring it to you, there will be immigration in the future. The issue is massiveness."

From the moment 00:59:11.280000 to 01:05:42.040000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I think it also shows that there are very precarious jobs, that there are people who are not willing to take them...Why? Because they are conditions that Only someone who has absolutely nothing is going to accept... Recently there was a case in which some job offers came out in Andalusia that said they had no manpower... And one of those guys who wrote to me He told me, hey, I asked how much money you earn with this. And I have to move out of the city because I live in a house... He says, it costs me more to go there than what they pay me... Why? Because it is a job offer that is designed to go from the shanty town next door to the place and people who have nothing... Then the jobs are impoverished... Being a waiter, when I was a child It was a job... There were people who were 60 years old, 60-something, and they retired as a waiter and it was a good job... Nowadays, who works as a waiter? When I walk around the places, they are mostly young immigrant people... Why? Because they are the ones who are going to accept that now...Those people, as they progress, are going to take other types of jobs...What's happening? They need more new people...So they bring them. There are people who are improving, obviously, because they make an effort, because there are people who make an effort, there are people who don't... But it is a continuum, it is a continuum... So, it can't be that last year, in the holy migratory more than half a million people came...Why? Because if you do this in 10,15,20 years, what do we have left in the end? There is no longer Spain, it is something else... So, a country has the capacity to assimilate people. And in Spain it is overwhelmed... That is, at the same time that there is unemployment among the immigrant population. And they begin to to gather together in ghettos separated from society, as happens, well, here in Spain it already happens, but in Germany and other places they even impose laws, such as Islamic law, even with Islamic police, which is like co-official, in the sense that it is allowed for internal affairs...That is a dystopia. That happens in France and Germany...So, that's a problem. That is a very serious problem...Why? Because there is beginning to be an alternative reaction for Germany, and it is about to be the first force in the polls... Why? Because people are fed up with this...And the left says nothing is happening...The issue of the south, the southern border in reality, that is, there are many people who do a lot of demagoguery, there are parties that do a lot of demagoguery with this ...The problem is not in the number of people who sneak through the strait, because there are tens of thousands compared to the half a million that I just told you arrived last year...In numbers, much fewer people. ..Even massively illegal immigration comes by plane...It comes by plane, they come here and then are regularized over time...That should also be controlled. The problem in the south is security...You don't know who is coming...Because there are people who are not fleeing, they are political refugees, but maybe they are rapists and come here, who tear up their papers, they arrive here I'm nobody, and then here he goes about doing his things...People who are thieves, people who are Islamists, people who we don't know who comes, because there is no control...And that is a problem. The people who come by plane do know who they are... But the people who come on that boat will be people who come to work, and that is very good, but I don't think it's good that they come like that... I think they should deport them, because everyone can come here, then the country has no meaning... A country that does not control its borders is dissolved... I believe that the border must be controlled, that this can be done with police and with Endowment, and we must put an end to the call effect...How do you do that? Well, like in Australia... What Australia did was set up a port, which is where they catch people, when people come with the mafias, they took the army out to sea, they have control, a blockade... I mean, chalupa or boat that arrives they catch it, they take the immigrants down, they take them to the Safe Harbor, from there they send them directly to their country, that is, the success rate now of getting there is zero, they put the gangsters in jail and They sink their boats...What's happening? That in the first years there were many interventions, but a mafia is a company, it's like a company, they don't get tired, they don't make money, so if they don't make money, then they start doing something else. Of course...There are no dead people in the sea and in the Mediterranean they don't stop dying, which is human. End the mafia and put an end to that. Or the NGO's discourse is no, it's that everyone has a place here. And let them continue dying at sea. I believe that the thing about Australia, and that is what I propose here...Well, me and many more people, not just me, but this is something that as soon as you say it you are a Nazi, so you have to be careful, It doesn't matter to me anymore, I'm cured with horror...I say what I think and if you like it, well and if you don't, then let them lynch me, it doesn't matter to me...About the visas, we have to stop providing so many Visas, it cannot be that they come in that Balance. More than half a million a year, it is not normal... And then what we have to do is encourage the Jobs to have decent conditions and make the youth who is unemployed. And the three million unemployed that we have, well, keep adding to them... Obviously I'm going to tell you one thing, if we have been around since 97, 20 or so years, with suicidal immigration policies, this started with Anar That's why I tell you about the left and the right, it's worthless here... And with birth rates exactly the same, what's happening? That obviously when we take measures to solve it, that is, that is going to happen... But of course, to solve it it has to be like this... They also told Bukele, no, but if it happens this will increase violence and Va, and it increased, but then it ended...So, what matters to me is solving the problem...All this left says, no, it's just that we have to decrease, they say so, we have to decrease at all levels...Well, if you like decrease so much, why can't we decrease for a few years while we make birth rate measures, different immigration policy and integration of what is already here? Because there are people here who will have to leave, obviously, and then there will be people who will have to be encouraged to integrate for normal functioning... So, that's what I propose, putting an end to that massiveness, decreasing in an orderly manner. And then later when those plans are working, grow again... That is, I do not defend myself against Malthusianism, but it is an objective question of whether you have been there for almost 30 years. With a suicidal policy, fixing it is complicated, it is not a magical thing... That is, if you come to power tomorrow and put an end to illegal immigration, imagine that they achieve it... They arrive, they win the elections in a few years, they end illegal immigration .and half a million people a year continue to come... The problem is not going to be solved, it will feed back more... So, these are things that must be taken into account. Dogastic measures will have to be taken.. And I tell you that the most important thing for Me is to avoid the ghettos, which already exist... How? Breaking up those ghettos... And if the police have to come in and people have to be separated. As happens in the Nordic countries, it seems that everyone can take measures except us... And what they do is, for For example, 30% of the maximum immigrant population in a city, for example... If there are more people going to the next city, they can't all be together... Why? Because if there is not something homogeneous to integrate or assimilate, what they do is feed off each other and they will never integrate... In areas where, for example, in France, there are 70% of people of immigrant origin. that has not been integrated over the years, how are they going to integrate into the 30% that remains, who surely also have a very high average age? It is impossible ."

From the moment 01:05:42.960000 to 01:05:45.840000 Interviewer says: "And we tend to congregate too...Of course...In all places in the world."

From the moment 01:05:47.560000 to 01:07:25.320000 Roberto Vaquero says: "That is why we have to do something now with the issue of massiveness...But the thing is that immigration, the problem is not the illegality, it is the model...Because legal immigration, with half a million coming a year, is not a problem...And the issue of nationalities, of giving nationality to people who, for example, do not even speak Spanish, that is a problem too...Because it's like they have given themselves away...In fact, since 2010 there are more than one and a half million nationalities...That's an outrage for a country...It's an outrage...So ,we must take...My objective with the book is to put the immigration issue at the center of the debate.and to debate it...That is the objective...I mean, more than about measures, I also talk I am talking about analysis of the phenomenon as it is now. And why we have arrived here... And the policies that are made now... And it is a serious problem... Just look if it is serious that the UN or other countries To calculate, for example, how many immigrants there are in a country, they calculate it based on the people who were not born in the country... In Spain, for example, it is not done like that... That is, the entire population. people who have been given Nationality. They don't count them as being of immigrant origin... They say, no, it's that if it's not racist, that's it, but it's unreal... In Spain there is no less than 12% immigration... In Spain we are already on the 16th, only with those born outside... Because, of course, the people who are born here and raised in a ghetto and do not relate to anything, those people who were born here are Spanish... If you don't have Spanish culture, you're not Spanish... It's just that, we have to start from that base... I don't care about the color of your skin, I don't care exactly... But it's a cultural issue. It's an ethnic issue...The issue is, if you grew up apart and you don't have our culture, you don't function the way our society functions, you're not really from here...I'm not saying that you can't live here, But why give nationality to people who are not from here? In other words, it is like despising being Spanish, like everyone can be Spanish...And that is a mistake."

From the moment 01:07:26.320000 to 01:07:38.400000 Interviewer says: "And the imbalance also at the economic level, at the fiscal level, health, on many levels is tremendous...Then, within your party, the economic proposal "I mean, how do they set it up, how do they pose it?"

From the moment 01:07:43 until 01:10:19.400000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Well, we, as I have told you, are leaving, because we have no intention of governing or entering any government... That is, if We would get a representative, we would go to war there...We have the approach that we have told you...I mean, I have told you why it is what we are going to do...I mean, I really believe that there are priorities and in the economic...And you can say my vision that I think I would do a Purification of how everything state is, because I think it is very inoperative...Not in the sense that the State must be eliminated, for Of course, I don't think that, but I do think it should work differently... Even at the level of the self-employed, for example, the issue of Quotas, of paying to work, of the current sections, some are very unfair and that make people have a really bad time... That is, we would ask many questions to optimize what there is... That would be the first... The second would be to put an end, due to the issue of sovereignty, with the economic dependencies with other countries, which is another serious problem we have, especially with the European Union, which, yes, money arrives, although less and less arrives, and in the end we will have to pay much more than what we receive... That it does not work, that it is not an optimal development...Obviously, at the labor level, we are going to always promote Measures, whatever they are, and carry out a labor reform, which is in favor of the workers, not like what there is now, and don't do what Yolanda does, no, it's that I'm less and less unemployed than ever before... And there are the discontinuous permanent workers, which is how I send you half a year on unemployment, and that's a gigantic number of people... I mean, in that sense I am clear...But we don't have one...How to say it, if we have the economic plan, it is posted on the Internet, in the political program, which is not Electoral, but we think that right now That, in Concrete, is not something that we can change or develop... So, when we have the Congress in the middle of next year, before the Europeans, we will do a deeper development in that sense, but keep in mind Keep in mind that we are like a party in Movements, we have started due to a legal imperative, under construction... We before were like pro committee, pro workers front, because we were there to create it and we in Congress had it a year or so ago... I mean, in reality, we are like very new... We have been there for two years in total, two and a bit years, three, but we are really starting to get going... So, it is evident that we are not going to have, what I said before of the measures, concrete measures for everything...But come on, what I can say is that people say, no, they are going to implement communism tomorrow...No, that is real because even on the workers' front the majority of people are not...But the overwhelming majority of people are not communists or anything...I mean, they are people who care about their country, who obviously have a perspective in favor of the workers. ..That is a slightly more personal perspective of yours, the issue of communism."

From the moment 01:10:19.400000 to 01:10:23.520000 Interviewer says: "That's a slightly more personal perspective of yours, the topic of communism... Ah, okay, I didn't know... But not the front."

From the moment 01:10:22.520000 until 01:11:11.600000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Ah, okay, I didn't know...But the front didn't...I mean, the front is betting on, well, a ...How to say it? A relaunch, a National reconstruction. and precisely with Popular sovereignty. to take the measures we need at all levels... Economic, political, dependency, immigration, absolutely everything... But It is that, that we are an organization under construction. And that we do not deceive people... That is, when we say we are going to focus on This, that is what we are going to do... And we have said since we are going to put the rest of the things in a secondary place...But as I said, one of the points is the Workers' struggle, the fight for the defense of interests...Because many people say about rights, I believe that this is insufficient, that it is for the interests of the workers...Which I believe that Sumari these people do not do, because for them the oppressed subjects are others, not the workers."

From the moment 01:11:15.480000 to 01:11:19.520000 Interviewer says: "Of course, that is, you don't want to go through the branches, if you don't have clear pillars to defend this... What you are telling us, you see anywhere whatever"

From the moment 01:11:19.520000 until 01:11:23.880000 Roberto Vaquero says: "What you're saying, you see us anywhere whatever. And you're going to say, it's the same thing... Well, I don't deceive nobody ."

From the moment 01:11:26.720000 to 01:11:46.680000 Interviewer says: "And then, I was left wanting to see more of what your life is like... That is, on a personal level and outside, maybe about the party, about the business issue and so on... Because you said something that caught my attention, that for example you sell books and you say, of course, but this is the result of my work... So, where do you go? It creates friction, I really understand that it is when an individual becomes very rich without working."

From the moment 01:11:52.600000 to 01:12:39.360000 Roberto Vaquero says: "And based on the exploitation of others it would be for me the...But well, for me, the Workers' Front, for example, also aspires to win to the self-employed and to defend their interests, even the small neighborhood businessman, etc... And we are also going to defend their Interests against the oligarchy and against large companies... So, of course, it is not the same... I know that this shocks people, but they elected me as president, because I am a guy with drive, I am a guy with charisma, so, well, I am very useful for this... But I say again that I that defends the front is what appears in the program...I can defend on a personal level...You will not see me in places defending things other than the front...I don't know that they ask me for my opinion personal, but we, the Workers' Front, do not now aspire to...To implement communism."

From the moment 01:12:14.640000 to 01:12:42.400000 Interviewer says: "because I'm a guy with drive, I'm a guy with Charisma. No, no, he's not a communist... He's really not communist."

From the moment 01:12:40.320000 until 01:13:36.600000 Roberto Vaquero says: "No, no, it's not a communist... It's just that it's not really a communist... There are people there who do consider that the program, which for us is minimal, is good for the country and for the workers, but we are in that dynamic...And we are working on the construction of the front now...We consider that the other thing is like playing games. imaginary things...I mean, it's unreal. It's unreal...I'm going to say something a little controversial now, but what the communist movement is is dead at a global level...What there is now is low-woke or parties that are in absolute decomposition...It is something that is quite dead...Just as I consider that what the fascist movements were, Etcetera, I believe that they are quite dead too...So, moving through dichotomies of not This really is, you always try to do that... I have gotten rid of moving around labels, etc.... I prefer to do things that I really consider to be along the path of what I see as a society. optimal...And that's what I'm working on at the front and that's why I'm at the front...If not, I wouldn't be there. "I would be somewhere else."

From the moment 01:13:33.800000 to 01:14:17.560000 Interviewer says: "And I'm working on that at the front and that's why I'm at the front...Of course...Yes, I see that you have a very focused approach. feet on the ground right now...I mean, to say...Because I saw a fragment, for example, of the debate you had on Jordi Wild's podcast with Juan Ramón Rayo...Yes...And of course I mean, on both sides I saw situations as very Idealistic. To say, both on the part of Juan Ramón, of something extremely liberal that, at least, I don't imagine could happen in the short or medium term... And also The communist system that you propose as ideal, I also think that, as you were saying, you are something very difficult to... Of course, yes, of course."

From the moment 01:14:17.560000 to 01:15:43.160000 Roberto Vaquero says: "Of course, yes, of course... The material conditions are important... There are many people who talk about, no, the revolution. ..When did the...? And the thing is, the revolution of What? that is, in your imaginary house... I mean, it is unreal... And the hell they asked us both to do that debate. ..Of course...It is a more ideological and more intellectual question, in the sense of what would be our ideal model of issues...But I tell you, I am focused on what I have said...I mean Not me, with the front, I am not calling for the Socialist revolution. Because it is stupid... That is, it is like calling something in the current phase with the Current conditions. imaginary... That is why I dedicate myself to building something that for me is minimal, but that I consider that if we achieved it it would be something very revolutionary...And then I am focused on that...And people sometimes point at me and tell me, no, it's just that you are a traitor...Yeah, but talking about non-binary bathrooms, that's not the revolution either...And that's what those people do...So me, it's like everything geeky Like I've separated myself from it... Even the red Geek thing, which to me seems, sorry I'm going to say it, but like a bit of a wanker... I mean, it's something that doesn't make sense ...I am a person whose thesis is about the republic of the civil war...That is to say, I do study and I read about that, but precisely because I study about that it seems a lack of Respect to me. Doing what you do other people, really...I believe that I am consistent with the reality that exists and with what I can do with the reality that exists...And I think that, look, I am going to give a historical example, if you allow me. ..Yes Yes ."

From instant 01:14:30.600000 to 01:14:30.600000 Interviewer says: "Sure."

From the moment 01:15:45.200000 to 01:17:04.440000 Roberto Vaquero says: "People, even when talking about the Bolsheviks, etc., one of the slogans with which they became Great was peace, bread and earth...I mean, I want to tell you that you see that and say, Damn, it's not a slogan that you say, My God...But of course the material conditions that they had and that were, much better than those of now the sense of politicization of the people, of the capacity for mobilization, was that... That is, even those people knew how to adapt at the time... And what the majority of communist people do now is like copying the. time ascendant of the revolution, of that era, that cycle has already passed, all that has already passed, and they try to copy it, bring it now, and then mix it with the Woke and a mutant monstrosity emerges for me, it is clear that It's a parody...Then you don't approach anyone...There are a lot of very old people with very different appearances...But I'm talking to you now about people who were like communists, but communists are 80 years old now... I want to tell you, people who have lived and tell me, Damn, what I'm doing is this is what needs to be done now... And they tell me those things... And when a modern 20-year-old comes to me who hasn't done nothing in his life, he tells me, no, no, if they are traitors, because it's like Retire, respect yourself a little and let us do it, because the important thing is to do things and do those things for the benefit of what you believe... And I think that being authoritative about imaginary things right now is the"

From the moment 01:17:09.760000 to 01:17:13.480000 Interviewer says: "word, it's the word, it's imaginary, it's smoke, it's in the air, everything is floating and I was like that before."

From the moment 01:17:16.320000 to 01:17:41.160000 Roberto Vaquero says: "When I have been in the military for 20 years, well, 21 years and I am 37 years old and I have been in the military for 21 years, that is, I have been in it all my life." of Communist Groups and I have always been leaving, I have been moving away because I saw that it is unreal and they are the same 10,15 people, because there are no more, repeating the same mistakes cyclically...And I said, of course, I "I'm a very critical person, that's the problem... So since I don't follow Pax, I said, get out, I'm leaving... I want to do something coherent."

From moment 01:17:43.080000 to 01:17:52.040000 Interviewer says: "Hey, before closing the podcast, if you want, comment a little about where they can find you... I don't know if you're active on Twitch or something like that Also...I am Roberto Baquero on all networks."

From the moment 01:17:52.040000 to 01:18:07.600000 Roberto Vaquero says: "I am Roberto Baquero on all the networks... I do a lot of YouTube, especially and that's where I put the news from When. I release books, articles, when I do whatever...And well, I do Twitch too, because I adapt a lot to things nowadays, because I think it's the way to reach people as a tool and they can see me on any social network "I'm in all of them, that is, whatever they want."

From the moment 01:18:11.480000 to 01:18:17.040000 Interviewer says: "Well, it has been a pleasure, I found it very coherent, very intelligent... The truth is that I liked the conversation... It has been a pleasure "A pleasure to come...Thank you."